This code defines a smart contract named MEWCrowdsale, which includes an internal array of two unsigned integers named signatures and a constant address variable named SIGN_ADDRESS1. The contract also contains a function named changeWallet.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Contract Structure and Variables:
    uint256[2] internal signatures;: This line declares an internal array of two elements, each of type uint256. This array is used to store timestamps or other numerical values that might be relevant for the contract's logic.
    address SIGN_ADDRESS1 = address(0xa5a5f62BfA22b1E42A98Ce00131eA658D5E29B37);: This line defines a constant address variable that holds a specific Ethereum address. This address is likely used for authorization purposes within the contract.

2. Function changeWallet:
    function changeWallet(address newWallet) public returns (bool) {: This line declares a public function named changeWallet that takes one parameter, newWallet of type address, and returns a boolean value. The function is intended to change a wallet address within the contract, possibly related to where funds are sent or managed.
    uint256 blocktime = block.timestamp;: Inside the function, a local variable blocktime is declared and initialized with the current block timestamp using block.timestamp. This timestamp represents the current time as per the blockchain's view of time.
    if (msg.sender == SIGN_ADDRESS1) {: This conditional statement checks if the address of the message sender (msg.sender) matches the predefined SIGN_ADDRESS1 address. This check is crucial for security and authorization purposes, ensuring that only a specific authorized address can execute certain parts of the function.
    signatures[0] = blocktime;: If the condition is met (i.e., the sender's address matches SIGN_ADDRESS1), the first element of the signatures array is updated with the current block timestamp. This action could be used to record the time of an important event or action within the contract.
    return true;: Finally, the function returns true, indicating successful execution of the function.

Summary:
The changeWallet function in the MEWCrowdsale contract is designed to allow a specific authorized address (SIGN_ADDRESS1) to update a timestamp in the signatures array. This function could be part of a broader system where certain actions require authorization from specific addresses and need to record timestamps for auditing or other purposes. The function's primary role is to facilitate a change in wallet settings, possibly related to the management of funds or other sensitive operations, while ensuring that only authorized entities can perform such actions.