This code defines a Solidity smart contract named tokenHodl, which includes a mapping to track token holdings of different addresses and a function to transfer tokens back to the sender.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Mapping Declaration:
    mapping (address => uint) public hodlers;
    This line declares a public mapping named hodlers. In Solidity, a mapping is a keyvalue store where keys are addresses and values are unsigned integers (uint). This mapping is used to store the amount of tokens each address holds. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this mapping, allowing external contracts or accounts to query the token balance of any address.

2. Function Declaration:
    function party() { ... }
    This line declares a function named party which does not take any parameters and does not return any values. The function is public by default, meaning it can be called by any address.

3. Function Logic:
    uint value = hodlers[msg.sender];
      This line retrieves the token balance of the address that called the function (msg.sender). The value is stored in a variable named value.
    hodlers[msg.sender] = 0;
      This line sets the token balance of the caller (msg.sender) to zero, effectively transferring all tokens out of the caller's account within this contract.
    msg.sender.transfer(value);
      This line transfers the amount stored in value (which was the caller's token balance before it was set to zero) to the caller's address. The transfer function is used to send Ether from the contract to an address. This implies that the tokens being handled are actually Ether, as transfer is a function specific to Ether transactions in Solidity.

Summary:
The tokenHodl contract allows addresses to "cash out" their tokens by calling the party function. When an address calls this function, it receives back the full amount of Ether it had "stored" in the contract, and its balance in the contract is reset to zero. This contract assumes that the tokens being handled are Ether, as it uses the transfer function, which is specific to Ether transactions.