This code defines a smart contract named PreICOProxyBuyer, which manages investor balances and allows for refunds. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This line declares a public state variable balances which is a mapping that associates Ethereum addresses with unsigned integer values. This mapping is used to store the balance of each investor.
    address investor = msg.sender;: This line declares a state variable investor and initializes it with the address of the message sender (msg.sender). This variable is used to keep track of the investor's address.

2. Function refund():
    This function is used to refund the balance of the investor.
    Function Logic:
      if(balances[investor] == 0) throw;: This line checks if the balance of the investor is zero. If it is, the function throws an exception, which reverts the state changes and stops the execution of the function.
      uint amount = balances[investor];: This line assigns the balance of the investor to a local variable amount.
      balances[investor] = 0;: This line sets the balance of the investor to zero, effectively clearing their balance.
      if(!(investor.call.value(amount)())) throw;: This line sends the amount of Ether back to the investor using the call function with the value method. The call function is used to send Ether and execute code in the context of the recipient address. The value method specifies the amount of Ether to send. If the call fails (returns false), the function throws an exception, reverting the state changes.

Detailed Steps:
 Mapping and Balances:
   The balances mapping is used to store and retrieve the balance of each investor. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for the mapping, allowing external contracts and accounts to query the balance of any address.
 Investor Address:
   The investor variable is initialized with the address of the message sender (msg.sender). This is typically the address that calls the refund function.
 Refund Function:
   The refund function first checks if the investor's balance is zero. If it is, the function throws an exception, stopping execution.
   If the balance is not zero, the function proceeds to refund the investor by setting their balance to zero and sending the corresponding amount of Ether back to their address using the call.value method.
   If the Ether transfer fails, the function throws an exception, reverting the state changes.

Security Considerations:
 The use of call.value can be risky due to potential reentrancy attacks. It is generally recommended to use transfer or send instead, or to implement reentrancy guards.
 The throw keyword is deprecated in Solidity 0.5.0 and later. It is recommended to use require, revert, or assert for error handling.

This contract provides a basic mechanism for refunding investor balances, but it should be reviewed and potentially updated to address security best practices and deprecated syntax.