This code defines a smart contract named PreICOProxyBuyer, which includes functionality for managing investor balances and providing a refund mechanism. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables and Data Structures:
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This line declares a public state variable balances which is a mapping that associates Ethereum addresses with unsigned integer values. This mapping is used to store the balance of each investor.
    address investor = msg.sender;: This line declares a state variable investor and initializes it with the address of the message sender (msg.sender). This variable is used to track the address of the investor interacting with the contract.

2. Function refund():
    This function is defined without any access modifier (like public or private), which means it is implicitly public and can be called by anyone.
    The function does not take any parameters and does not return any value.
    Function Logic:
      if(balances[investor] == 0) throw;: This line checks if the balance of the investor (investor) is zero. If it is, the function execution is aborted (throw is used to revert the transaction in older versions of Solidity).
      uint amount = balances[investor];: If the balance is not zero, this line retrieves the balance of the investor and stores it in a local variable amount.
      delete balances[investor];: This line deletes the entry for the investor in the balances mapping, effectively setting their balance to zero.
      if(!(investor.call.value(amount)())) throw;: This line attempts to send the amount of Ether back to the investor using the call method, which is a lowlevel function that forwards a specified amount of Ether. If the call fails (e.g., if the investor's contract does not have a payable fallback function), the function execution is aborted.

Security Considerations:
 The use of call.value() is generally discouraged due to potential reentrancy issues. A more secure approach would be to use transfer() or send() methods, or to implement reentrancy guards (like the mutex pattern) to prevent potential exploits.
 The throw keyword is deprecated in newer versions of Solidity. It is recommended to use revert(), require(), or assert() for error handling.

Summary:
The PreICOProxyBuyer contract manages investor balances and provides a refund mechanism. The refund() function checks the investor's balance, deletes their balance entry, and attempts to send the Ether back to the investor. This contract should be reviewed and updated to address security best practices, especially regarding the handling of Ether transfers and error handling mechanisms.