This code defines a smart contract named holdEthereum, which manages a mapping of Ethereum holders and their balances. The contract includes a function to allow holders to withdraw their funds after a specific time, known as "party time."

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping (address => uint) holders;: This is a state variable that maps Ethereum addresses to unsigned integers (balances). Each address in this mapping represents an Ethereum holder, and the corresponding uint value represents the amount of Ether held by that address.
    uint constant partyTime = 1596067200;: This is a constant variable that stores a specific Unix timestamp (July 30, 2020, 00:00:00 UTC). This timestamp represents the "party time" after which holders can withdraw their Ether.

2. Function party():
    This function allows holders to withdraw their Ether after the specified "party time."
    if (block.timestamp < partyTime) throw;: This line checks if the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is less than the partyTime. If the condition is true, it throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made in the transaction and returns any Ether sent with the transaction to the sender. This ensures that holders cannot withdraw their Ether before the "party time."
    uint value = holders[msg.sender];: This line retrieves the balance of the caller (msg.sender) from the holders mapping and stores it in a local variable value.
    holders[msg.sender] = 0;: This line sets the balance of the caller in the holders mapping to zero, effectively transferring all their held Ether out of the contract.
    msg.sender.transfer(value);: This line transfers the amount of Ether stored in value to the caller's address. The transfer function is used to send Ether from the contract to an address. It automatically reverts the transaction if the transfer fails (e.g., if the contract does not have enough Ether to send).

Summary:
The holdEthereum contract allows Ethereum holders to store their Ether in the contract until a specified "party time." After this time, holders can call the party function to withdraw their full balance from the contract. The function ensures that withdrawals are only possible after the "party time" by checking the current block timestamp against the partyTime constant. If the condition is met, the function transfers the holder's balance to their address and sets their balance in the contract to zero.