This code defines a smart contract named EtherDelta, which includes a mapping to track token balances and a function to withdraw Ether from the contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Mapping Structure:
    The contract uses a nested mapping tokens to store token balances. The outer mapping key is an address representing the token contract address, and the inner mapping key is another address representing the user's address. The value is a uint representing the balance of tokens held by the user for a specific token contract.
    tokens[0][msg.sender] refers to the balance of Ether (where 0 is used as a placeholder for the Ether token address) for the sender of the transaction (msg.sender).

2. Withdraw Function:
    The withdraw function allows a user to withdraw a specified amount of Ether from their balance in the contract.
    The function takes one parameter: amount, which is the amount of Ether the user wants to withdraw.
    Inside the function, the user's Ether balance is reduced by the specified amount:
     solidity
     tokens[0][msg.sender] = tokens[0][msg.sender]  amount;
     
    After updating the balance, the function attempts to send the specified amount of Ether to the user using a lowlevel call:
     solidity
     if (!msg.sender.call.value(amount)()) throw;
     
      msg.sender.call.value(amount)() is a lowlevel call that sends Ether to msg.sender with the specified amount. If this call fails (e.g., if the call runs out of gas or if the recipient is a contract that does not accept Ether), the function will throw an exception and revert the state changes made so far.

3. Potential Vulnerability:
    The use of call.value() without specifying a gas limit can be vulnerable to reentrancy attacks. If the recipient is a malicious contract that executes a fallback function, it could repeatedly call back into the withdraw function before the initial call completes, potentially allowing the attacker to withdraw more Ether than they are entitled to.

In summary, the EtherDelta contract manages token balances using a nested mapping and provides a function for users to withdraw their Ether. However, the contract should be reviewed and potentially updated to mitigate reentrancy vulnerabilities by following best practices such as the "ChecksEffectsInteractions" pattern or using a reentrancy guard.