This code defines a smart contract named BancorBuyer, which includes a mapping to keep track of user balances and a function to facilitate the purchase of tokens from an exchange.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Contract Definition and State Variables:
    The contract BancorBuyer is defined.
    A state variable balances is declared as a mapping. This mapping associates Ethereum addresses with their respective balances, represented as unsigned integers (uint256). This allows the contract to keep track of how much each user has deposited or spent.

2. Function buyOne:
    This function is named buyOne and is designed to facilitate the purchase of tokens from a specified exchange.
    It takes three parameters:
      _exchange: an address representing the exchange from which tokens are to be bought.
      _value: a uint256 value indicating the amount of Ether (in wei) to be sent to the exchange.
      _data: a bytes array containing the data payload required by the exchange to execute the token purchase.
    The function is marked as payable, which means it can receive Ether.
    The function starts with a require statement:
      require(_exchange.call.value(_value)(_data));
      This line uses the lowlevel call function to send Ether to the _exchange address along with the _data payload. The value(_value) part specifies the amount of Ether to send.
      The require statement checks if the call was successful. If the call fails (e.g., if the exchange does not recognize the data or if there is an error in processing the transaction), the function will revert, and any state changes (including the Ether transfer) will be undone.
    After successfully calling the exchange, the function updates the user's balance:
      balances[msg.sender] = balances[msg.sender]  _value;
      This line deducts the _value (the amount of Ether sent to the exchange) from the balance of the user who initiated the transaction (msg.sender).

Summary:
The BancorBuyer contract allows users to purchase tokens from a specified exchange by sending Ether and a data payload. The contract keeps track of user balances and updates these balances based on the amount of Ether used in each purchase. The function buyOne ensures that the transaction with the exchange is successful before updating the user's balance. If the transaction fails, the function reverts, ensuring that the user's balance remains unchanged.