This code defines a Solidity smart contract named TokenSale, which includes two public state variables and a payable function. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    uint public tokenPrice;
      This variable stores the price of the tokens in the contract. It is declared as public, which means it can be accessed both internally within the contract and externally by other contracts or user interfaces. Solidity automatically creates a getter function for public state variables.
    uint public deadline;
      This variable stores a timestamp representing the deadline for purchasing tokens. Similar to tokenPrice, it is public and thus accessible both internally and externally.

2. Function:
    function buyTokens() payable returns (bool){
      This is a payable function, meaning it can receive Ether when called. The function is designed to allow users to buy tokens from the contract.
      require(block.timestamp < deadline && tokenPrice > 0);
        This line is a condition that must be met for the function to proceed. It checks two conditions:
          block.timestamp < deadline: Ensures that the current time (as per the blockchain's timestamp of the current block) is before the deadline set for the token sale. This prevents token purchases after the deadline.
          tokenPrice > 0: Ensures that the token price is greater than zero, meaning tokens are actually being sold.
        If either of these conditions is not met, the function execution is halted, and any Ether sent is reverted (i.e., returned to the sender).
      return true;
        If the conditions are met, the function returns true, indicating a successful token purchase. However, the actual logic for handling the token purchase (e.g., transferring tokens to the buyer and updating balances) is not implemented in this snippet.

Summary:
The TokenSale contract is a basic framework for a token sale mechanism. It includes a mechanism to check if the token purchase is within the deadline and if the token price is valid. However, it lacks the actual logic to handle token transfers and balance updates, which would typically be necessary for a complete token sale implementation.