This code defines a Solidity smart contract named TransactionOrdering, which manages a simple pricing mechanism and restricts certain operations to the contract owner. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    uint256 price = 100;: This line declares a state variable price of type uint256 (unsigned integer of 256 bits) and initializes it with the value 100. This variable represents the price of something within the contract.
    address owner;: This line declares a state variable owner of type address, which will store the Ethereum address of the contract owner. This variable is not initialized in the provided code, so it would typically be initialized in the constructor.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner() { ... }: This line defines a modifier named onlyOwner. Modifiers are used to change the behavior of functions in a reusable way. The onlyOwner modifier checks if the msg.sender (the address that initiated the current transaction) is the same as the owner. If the condition is not met, the require statement will cause the transaction to revert, effectively preventing the function from executing. The _; symbol is a placeholder for the function body that the modifier is applied to.

3. Functions:
    function buy() returns (uint256) { ... }: This function is named buy and it returns a uint256 value. The function simply returns the current value of the price variable. This function does not modify any state or check any conditions, so it can be called by anyone.
    function setPrice(uint256 _price) onlyOwner { ... }: This function is named setPrice and it takes one parameter _price of type uint256. The function uses the onlyOwner modifier, which means it can only be executed by the contract owner. The function sets the price variable to the value of _price. This function allows the owner to update the price.

Summary of the Contract's Functionality:
 The contract maintains a price variable that is publicly accessible.
 The buy function provides a way for anyone to view the current price.
 The setPrice function allows the owner to update the price. This function is protected by the onlyOwner modifier, ensuring that only the owner can change the price.
 The owner variable is intended to store the address of the contract owner, but it is not initialized in the provided code. Typically, this would be done in a constructor function that is executed when the contract is deployed.

This contract demonstrates basic concepts in Solidity such as state variables, functions, modifiers, and access control, which are fundamental for building secure and functional smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain.