This code defines a smart contract named Forwarder, which includes a state variable and a function. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variable:
    address public parentAddress;: This line declares a public state variable named parentAddress of type address. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this variable, allowing other contracts or external entities to read its value. This variable is intended to store the address of a parent contract or entity.

2. Function:
    function flush() { ... }: This line defines a function named flush that does not accept any parameters and does not return any value. The function is public by default, meaning it can be called from other contracts or externally.

3. Function Logic:
    if (!parentAddress.call.value(this.balance)()) throw;: This line is the core of the flush function. It performs the following operations:
      this.balance: This expression retrieves the current balance of the contract in Ether. The this keyword refers to the current contract instance.
      parentAddress.call.value(this.balance)(): This part of the code uses the call function to send Ether from the current contract to the address stored in parentAddress. The value(this.balance) part specifies that the entire balance of the contract should be sent. The call function is used here to forward all Ether held by the contract to the parentAddress.
      if (!...) throw;: This conditional statement checks if the call operation was successful. If the call fails (e.g., if the recipient is a contract that does not accept Ether), the throw statement is executed, which reverts all state changes made during the current call and consumes all remaining gas, effectively aborting the transaction.

Summary:
The Forwarder contract is designed to hold Ether and forward it to another address (presumably a parent contract or entity) when the flush function is called. The flush function sends all Ether held by the contract to the address stored in parentAddress. If the transfer fails, the transaction is reverted to prevent loss of funds. This contract is a simple example of a forwarding mechanism often used in more complex contract architectures to manage and distribute funds.