This code defines a smart contract named ELTWagerLedger, which is designed to manage token balances for different users. The contract uses a nested mapping to keep track of token balances associated with each user's address.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping (address => mapping (address => uint)) public tokens;
     This line declares a public state variable tokens which is a nested mapping. The outer mapping key is an address (let's call it tokenAddress), and the inner mapping key is another address (let's call it userAddress). The value is a uint representing the balance of tokenAddress held by userAddress. This structure allows the contract to manage multiple tokens for multiple users.

2. Function: withdraw(uint amount)
    This function allows a user to withdraw a specified amount of tokens from their balance.
    if (tokens[0][msg.sender] < amount) throw;
     This line checks if the user's balance (for token address 0, which is a placeholder and should be replaced with the actual token address) is less than the requested amount. If the balance is insufficient, the function throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made so far in the transaction.
    tokens[0][msg.sender] = tokens[0][msg.sender]  amount;
     If the balance check passes, this line deducts the requested amount from the user's balance.
    if (!msg.sender.call.value(amount)()) throw;
     This line sends the specified amount of Ether (assuming the token is Ether) to the caller (msg.sender). The call.value() function is used to send Ether, and if the call fails (e.g., due to an outofgas error or the recipient not being a payable contract), the function throws an exception.

Security Considerations:
 The use of call.value() is susceptible to reentrancy attacks. A more secure approach would be to use transfer() or send() methods, or to implement the withdrawal logic in a way that prevents reentrancy (e.g., by using the "checkseffectsinteractions" pattern).
 The contract assumes that tokenAddress 0 is a valid token or Ether. In a realworld scenario, this should be replaced with a specific token address or a mechanism to handle multiple tokens.

Summary:
The ELTWagerLedger contract manages token balances for users and allows them to withdraw their tokens. The withdraw function checks the user's balance, deducts the requested amount, and sends the corresponding Ether to the user. However, the contract should be reviewed and potentially refactored to address security concerns, particularly around reentrancy attacks and the handling of token addresses.