The code I am giving you:
solidity
contract Proxy {

  function _delegate(address implementation) external {

    assembly {
       let results := delegatecall(gas, implementation, 0, calldatasize, 0, 0)
       returndatacopy(0, 0, returndatasize)
    }
  }
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a contract named Proxy which contains an external function named _delegate. This function takes an address parameter implementation which represents the address of another contract that this Proxy contract will delegate calls to.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function _delegate is marked as external, meaning it can only be called from outside the contract. It takes a single parameter implementation, which is an address type representing the contract to which the call will be delegated.

2. Assembly Block: The function contains an inline assembly block, which is used to perform lowlevel operations that are not directly supported by Solidity.

3. Delegatecall: Inside the assembly block, the delegatecall opcode is used. This opcode is crucial for proxy patterns in Ethereum. It allows the Proxy contract to execute code from the implementation contract in the context of the Proxy contract's state. This means that the code is executed as if it were part of the Proxy contract, and any state changes will affect the Proxy contract's storage, not the implementation contract's storage.

    gas: The amount of gas provided to the delegatecall.
    implementation: The address of the contract to delegate the call to.
    0: The offset in memory to read the input data from. Since 0 is specified, it means no additional data is being passed other than the calldata.
    calldatasize: The size of the calldata, which is the data sent with the function call. This ensures that the entire calldata is passed to the delegatecall.
    0: The offset in memory to write the output data to.
    0: The size of the memory to write the output data to.

4. Returndatacopy: After the delegatecall is executed, the returndatacopy opcode is used to copy the return data from the delegatecall into memory. This ensures that any data returned from the delegatecall is available to the caller of the _delegate function.

    0: The offset in memory to write the return data to.
    0: The offset in the return data to start copying from.
    returndatasize: The size of the return data to copy.

5. Implicit Return: The function does not explicitly return any value, but since the return data is copied to memory, it is implicitly returned to the caller.

This _delegate function is a fundamental part of a proxy contract pattern, allowing the Proxy contract to dynamically forward calls to different implementation contracts while maintaining its own state. This is useful for upgradeability and modularity in smart contract development.