This code defines a private function named callOptionalReturn, which is designed to safely interact with ERC20 token contracts by executing lowlevel calls. The function takes two parameters: an IERC20 token interface representing the token contract, and a bytes memory data parameter containing the encoded function call to be executed on the token contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Contract Check:
   solidity
   require(address(token).isContract(), "SafeERC20: call to noncontract");
   
   This line ensures that the address of the token is indeed a contract. It uses the isContract function to check if the address has code in it. If the address does not represent a contract, the function will revert with the error message "SafeERC20: call to noncontract".

2. LowLevel Call Execution:
   solidity
   (bool success, bytes memory returndata) = address(token).call(data);
   
   This line performs a lowlevel call to the token contract using the call function. The call function is a lowlevel function in Solidity that allows arbitrary message calls to be sent to other contracts. It returns a tuple containing a boolean indicating whether the call was successful (success) and the data returned by the call (returndata).

3. Success Check:
   solidity
   require(success, "SafeERC20: lowlevel call failed");
   
   This line checks if the lowlevel call was successful. If the call failed, the function will revert with the error message "SafeERC20: lowlevel call failed".

4. Return Data Handling:
   solidity
   if (returndata.length > 0) {
       require(abi.decode(returndata, (bool)), "SafeERC20: ERC20 operation did not succeed");
   }
   
   This block of code handles the return data from the call. If the returndata has a nonzero length, it means that the token contract returned some data. The function then attempts to decode this data as a boolean using abi.decode. If the decoded boolean is false, indicating that the ERC20 operation did not succeed, the function will revert with the error message "SafeERC20: ERC20 operation did not succeed".

In summary, the callOptionalReturn function provides a safe way to interact with ERC20 token contracts by ensuring that the target is a contract, executing a lowlevel call, and checking both the success of the call and the validity of any returned data. This helps prevent common issues that can arise when interacting with external contracts, such as reverts or unexpected behavior.