This code defines an internal function named sub, which takes two unsigned integer parameters a and b, and returns an unsigned integer. The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    function sub(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256): This line declares the function sub with two parameters a and b, both of type uint256. The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it. The pure keyword indicates that the function does not interact with the state of the blockchain, ensuring it only operates on the input parameters and does not perform any state changes or read operations.

2. Assertion Check:
    assert(b <= a);: This line uses the assert function to check if b is less than or equal to a. The assert function is used to check for conditions that should never be false. If the condition b <= a is not met, the function will throw an exception, reverting all changes made in the current call. This is crucial for ensuring that the subtraction operation does not result in an underflow, which would lead to a negative number (though uint256 cannot be negative, an underflow would wrap around to very large positive numbers, leading to unexpected behavior).

3. Return Statement:
    return a  b;: If the assertion passes, this line performs the subtraction operation a  b and returns the result. Since both a and b are uint256 types, the result of the subtraction will also be a uint256. This ensures that the function always returns a valid unsigned integer.

Summary:
The sub function is a utility function designed to safely perform subtraction between two unsigned integers. It ensures that the subtraction does not lead to an underflow by using an assertion to validate that the second operand is not greater than the first. This function is particularly useful in scenarios where you need to prevent unintended behavior caused by arithmetic underflows in smart contracts.