This code defines a public function named transfer, which is used to transfer a specified amount of tokens from the caller's account to another account. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool _success): This function takes two parameters:
      _to: The address of the recipient to whom the tokens will be transferred.
      _value: The amount of tokens to be transferred.
    The function is marked as public, meaning it can be called from outside the contract as well as from within other functions in the contract.
    It returns a boolean value _success indicating whether the transfer was successful.

2. Function Body:
    _transfer(msg.sender, _to, _value);: This line calls an internal function named _transfer.
      msg.sender: This is a builtin variable in Solidity that represents the address of the account that called the current function. In this context, it is the address of the token sender.
      _to: This is the recipient address passed as a parameter to the transfer function.
      _value: This is the amount of tokens to be transferred, also passed as a parameter to the transfer function.
    The _transfer function is responsible for the actual transfer of tokens from the sender to the recipient. The details of how _transfer works are not provided in the snippet, but typically it would involve checking if the sender has enough balance, updating the sender's and recipient's balances, and possibly emitting an event to log the transfer.

3. Return Statement:
    return true;: After the _transfer function is called and completes its execution, the transfer function returns true to indicate that the transfer was successful.

In summary, the transfer function is a public interface for transferring tokens from the caller's account to another specified account. It delegates the actual transfer logic to an internal function _transfer and returns true to indicate success.