This code defines an internal view function named _msgData, which is designed to return the complete calldata that was sent to the contract. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function _msgData() is declared as internal and view. The internal keyword means that this function can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it. The view keyword indicates that the function promises not to modify the state of the blockchain, making it a readonly function.

2. Return Type: The function returns a value of type bytes memory. The bytes type in Solidity is used to store a sequence of bytes, which in this context refers to the calldata. The memory keyword specifies that the data is stored in memory, not in storage, which is typical for function parameters and return values that do not need to persist beyond the function call.

3. Function Body:
    The line this; // silence state mutability warning without generating bytecode  see https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/2691 is a noop (no operation) statement. It does nothing but is used here to suppress a compiler warning about the function potentially being able to modify state. This is a workaround for an issue in Solidity (as referenced in the comment) where the compiler incorrectly warns about state mutability for functions that clearly do not modify state.
    The next line return msg.data; is the core of the function. It returns the calldata of the current message call. The msg.data is a builtin variable in Solidity that contains the complete calldata, which is the payload of the transaction that invoked the function. This includes the function selector and the parameters passed to the function.

4. Usage and Implications: This function is useful for scenarios where the contract needs to inspect the raw calldata, possibly for logging, debugging, or implementing custom behavior based on the content of the calldata. Since it is a view function, it can be called freely without incurring any gas costs, as it does not alter the state of the blockchain.

In summary, the _msgData() function provides a way to access the raw calldata of the current transaction in a readonly manner, which can be useful for various purposes in smart contract development.