This code defines a public function named transferFrom, which is a part of the ERC20 token standard implementation. This function allows an approved spender to transfer tokens from one address to another, provided they have sufficient allowance.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    transferFrom(address sender, address recipient, uint256 amount) public virtual override returns (bool): This function takes three parameters:
      sender: The address from which the tokens will be transferred.
      recipient: The address to which the tokens will be transferred.
      amount: The amount of tokens to be transferred.
    The function is marked as public, meaning it can be called from outside the contract as well as internally.
    The virtual keyword indicates that this function can be overridden by derived contracts.
    The override keyword indicates that this function is overriding a function from a base contract (likely the ERC20 standard).
    The function returns a boolean value indicating the success of the operation.

2. _transfer Function Call:
    _transfer(sender, recipient, amount);: This line calls an internal function _transfer which handles the actual transfer of tokens from the sender to the recipient. The _transfer function is responsible for updating the balances of the sender and recipient and emitting the appropriate Transfer event.

3. _approve Function Call:
    _approve(sender, _msgSender(), _allowances[sender][_msgSender()].sub(amount, "ERC20: transfer amount exceeds allowance"));: This line updates the allowance of the sender for the _msgSender() (the caller of the transferFrom function). The _approve function sets the allowance of the sender for the _msgSender() to the current allowance minus the amount transferred. The sub function is used to safely subtract the amount from the current allowance, and it throws an error with the message "ERC20: transfer amount exceeds allowance" if the subtraction would result in a negative value.

4. Return Statement:
    return true;: Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the transfer was successful.

In summary, the transferFrom function allows an approved address to transfer tokens from one address to another. It ensures that the transfer is valid by checking the allowance and then updates the balances and allowances accordingly. The function returns true upon successful completion of the transfer.