This code defines an internal and pure function named pointerToBytes, which converts a given uint256 value into a bytes array of a specified length. The function is designed to be used within the same contract and does not modify the state or access state variables, hence it is marked as pure.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    pointerToBytes(uint256 src, uint256 len): This function takes two parameters:
      src: A uint256 value that needs to be converted to bytes.
      len: The length of the resulting bytes array.

2. Memory Allocation:
    bytes memory ret = new bytes(len);: This line allocates a new bytes array in memory with the specified length len. The new bytes(len) constructor initializes a bytes array of length len with all elements set to zero.

3. Assembly Block:
    uint256 retptr;: This declares a variable retptr to hold the memory address where the bytes array ret will be written.
    assembly { retptr := add(ret, 32) }: This inline assembly block calculates the starting address for writing data into the bytes array. In Solidity, the first 32 bytes of a dynamicallysized array in memory are reserved for storing the length of the array. Therefore, ret actually points to the length field, and add(ret, 32) points to the first byte of the actual data area.

4. Memory Copy:
    memcpy(retptr, src, len);: This function call copies len bytes from the uint256 value src to the memory location pointed to by retptr. The memcpy function is assumed to be a custom function that handles the actual copying of data. It likely uses lowlevel operations to copy the bytes from the uint256 value into the bytes array.

5. Return Statement:
    return ret;: Finally, the function returns the bytes array ret, which now contains the byte representation of the original uint256 value src.

Summary:
The pointerToBytes function effectively converts a uint256 value into a bytes array of a specified length by allocating memory for the bytes array, calculating the correct memory address for data storage, and then copying the byte data from the uint256 value into this array. This function is useful in scenarios where bytelevel manipulation or representation of uint256 values is required, such as in cryptographic operations or data serialization.