This code defines an internal function named slice, which is used to extract a portion of a byte array. The function takes three parameters: _bytes, which is the original byte array from which a slice is to be extracted; _start, which is the starting index from where the slice should begin; and _length, which is the length of the slice to be extracted. The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and only operates on its input parameters.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Input Validation:
    The function first checks for potential overflows and outofbounds errors using two require statements:
      require(_length + 31 >= _length, "slice_overflow"); ensures that adding 31 to _length does not cause an overflow, which could happen if _length is very large.
      require(_bytes.length >= _start + _length, "slice_outOfBounds"); ensures that the requested slice does not exceed the bounds of the original byte array.

2. Memory Allocation:
    A variable tempBytes is declared to hold the resulting slice.
    The function then enters an assembly block, which allows for lowlevel EVM (Ethereum Virtual Machine) operations.

3. Handling NonZero Length Slices:
    The switch statement checks if the length of the slice (_length) is zero:
      If _length is not zero, the function proceeds to allocate memory for tempBytes using mload(0x40), which retrieves the next available memory location.
      It calculates lengthmod as the remainder of _length divided by 32 (and(_length, 31)), which helps in determining if the slice starts at a boundary of 32 bytes.
      The memory copy loop is initialized, starting from the appropriate offset in the original byte array (_bytes) and copying each 32byte chunk to the new location (tempBytes).
      After copying, the length of the slice is stored at the beginning of tempBytes.
      The free memory pointer is updated to point to the next available memory location.

4. Handling Zero Length Slices:
    If _length is zero, the function simply allocates a zerolength array and updates the free memory pointer accordingly.

5. Return Statement:
    Finally, the function returns tempBytes, which now contains the requested slice of the original byte array.

This function is efficient and leverages lowlevel memory operations to perform the slicing task, ensuring that the operation is both fast and memoryefficient. The use of assembly code allows for precise control over memory management and byte manipulation, which is crucial for performancecritical operations in smart contracts.