This code defines an internal function named add, which is designed to safely add two unsigned integer values (uint256) and prevent overflow errors. The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
   solidity
   function add(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256)
   
    add: The name of the function.
    uint256 a, uint256 b: The parameters of the function, which are two unsigned integers of 256 bits each.
    internal: This keyword indicates that the function can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it.
    pure: This keyword indicates that the function does not read from or write to the state of the blockchain.
    returns (uint256): This specifies that the function will return an unsigned integer of 256 bits.

2. Addition Operation:
   solidity
   uint256 c = a + b;
   
    This line performs the addition of the two input parameters a and b, and stores the result in a new variable c.

3. Overflow Check:
   solidity
   require(c >= a, "SafeMath: addition overflow");
   
    This line checks if the result c is greater than or equal to a. In the context of unsigned integers, if c is less than a, it indicates that an overflow has occurred.
    require: This is a Solidity function that checks a condition. If the condition is not met, the function execution is reverted, and an error message "SafeMath: addition overflow" is thrown. This helps in preventing the contract from proceeding with an incorrect or unsafe value.

4. Return Statement:
   solidity
   return c;
   
    This line returns the result c from the function.

Summary:
The add function safely adds two uint256 values and checks for overflow. If an overflow is detected, the function reverts the transaction with an error message. This ensures that the contract handles arithmetic operations securely, preventing potential vulnerabilities related to integer overflow.