This code defines a library named Address and a function within this library named isContract. The isContract function is designed to determine whether a given Ethereum address represents a contract or an externally owned account (EOA).

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    isContract(address account) internal view returns (bool): This function takes an Ethereum address (account) as input and returns a boolean value indicating whether the address is a contract.

2. Internal and View Modifiers:
    internal: This modifier means the function can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it.
    view: This modifier indicates that the function does not modify the state of the blockchain; it only reads data.

3. Variable Declarations:
    bytes32 codehash;: This variable will store the code hash of the given address.
    bytes32 accountHash = 0xc5d2460186f7233c927e7db2dcc703c0e500b653ca82273b7bfad8045d85a470;: This is a predefined hash value representing an empty account.

4. Assembly Block:
    assembly { codehash := extcodehash(account) }: This inline assembly block uses the extcodehash opcode to retrieve the code hash of the given address. The extcodehash opcode returns the hash of the code at the given address. If the address is an EOA, the returned hash will be 0x0.

5. Return Statement:
    return (codehash != 0x0 && codehash != accountHash);: The function returns true if the codehash is not 0x0 (indicating it is a contract) and not equal to the accountHash (which represents an empty account). This ensures that the function correctly identifies contracts and differentiates them from EOAs and empty accounts.

In summary, the isContract function in the Address library checks if a given Ethereum address is a contract by examining its code hash. If the address has a nonzero code hash that is not equal to the hash of an empty account, the function concludes that the address is a contract. This is a common technique used in smart contracts to ensure that certain operations are only performed on contracts and not on externally owned accounts.