This code defines a public function named increaseApproval, which is designed to increase the allowance that an _spender can use on behalf of the msg.sender. This function is commonly found in ERC20 token contracts to manage allowances, which are permissions given by token holders to other addresses to spend a certain amount of their tokens.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Parameters:
    address _spender: This is the address of the account that is being granted additional spending rights.
    uint256 _addedValue: This is the amount of additional tokens that the _spender is allowed to spend on behalf of the msg.sender.

2. Access Modifier:
    public: This modifier makes the function callable from any other contract or externally by users.

3. Return Type:
    returns (bool): The function returns a boolean value, typically true, to indicate that the operation was successful.

4. Function Body:
    The function starts by updating the allowance stored in the allowed mapping. The allowed mapping is a twodimensional mapping where the first key is the owner's address and the second key is the spender's address. The value is the amount of tokens the spender is allowed to transfer.
    allowed[msg.sender][_spender] = (allowed[msg.sender][_spender].add(_addedValue));: This line uses the .add function to safely add the _addedValue to the current allowance of the _spender by the msg.sender. The .add function is part of SafeMath library, which is used to prevent integer overflow and underflow vulnerabilities.
    emit Approval(msg.sender, _spender, allowed[msg.sender][_spender]);: This line emits an Approval event. Events in Solidity are used to log certain actions or state changes, which can be listened to by offchain applications. The Approval event typically includes the owner's address, the spender's address, and the new allowance. This helps in tracking changes in allowances.
    return true;: Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the approval increase was successful.

5. Security Considerations:
    The use of SafeMath ensures that the addition operation does not result in an overflow, which could lead to unexpected behavior or vulnerabilities.
    The function does not check if the _addedValue is zero or if the _spender is a valid address. Depending on the contract's requirements, additional checks might be necessary to prevent unnecessary state changes or operations.

This function is crucial for token holders who want to delegate spending power to other addresses without transferring ownership of their tokens. It is a standard feature in many ERC20 token contracts to facilitate transactions where a third party (like a smart contract) needs to spend tokens on behalf of the owner.