This code defines an internal view function named isContract, which is used to determine whether a given Ethereum address represents a smart contract or an externally owned account (EOA). The function returns a boolean value (true if the address is a contract, and false otherwise).

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    The function isContract takes a single parameter: address account, which is the Ethereum address to be checked.
    The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it.
    The function is also marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without requiring a transaction.

2. Variable Declarations:
    bytes32 codehash;: This variable will store the code hash of the account being checked.
    bytes32 accountHash = 0xc5d2460186f7233c927e7db2dcc703c0e500b653ca82273b7bfad8045d85a470;: This is a predefined hash value representing an empty byte array (keccak256('')), which is used to identify accounts without code.

3. Inline Assembly:
    The function uses inline assembly to retrieve the code hash of the account. Inline assembly allows for lowlevel operations that are not directly supported by Solidity.
    assembly { codehash := extcodehash(account) }: This assembly block calls the extcodehash opcode, which returns the hash of the code at the given address. If the address is an EOA or does not exist, extcodehash returns 0x0.

4. Return Statement:
    return (codehash != accountHash && codehash != 0x0);: The function returns true if the codehash is not equal to accountHash (indicating the account has code) and not equal to 0x0 (indicating the account exists). If either condition is not met, the function returns false.

In summary, the isContract function uses the extcodehash opcode to determine if an address contains contract code. If the address has code and is not an empty account, the function returns true, indicating it is a smart contract. Otherwise, it returns false, indicating it is an externally owned account or does not exist. This function is useful for scenarios where it is necessary to distinguish between contracts and EOAs, such as in access control or security checks.