This code defines an internal pure function named tryMul, which takes two unsigned integer parameters a and b and returns a tuple containing a boolean and an unsigned integer. The purpose of this function is to safely multiply two numbers and check if the multiplication overflows.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
   solidity
   function tryMul(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (bool, uint256)
   
    uint256 a, uint256 b: The function accepts two parameters, a and b, both of which are unsigned 256bit integers.
    internal: This keyword indicates that the function can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it.
    pure: This keyword indicates that the function does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain; it only operates on its input parameters.
    returns (bool, uint256): The function returns a tuple where the first element is a boolean indicating whether the multiplication was successful (i.e., no overflow occurred) and the second element is the result of the multiplication.

2. Unchecked Block:
   solidity
   unchecked {
   
    The unchecked block is used to disable overflow/underflow checks for arithmetic operations within it. This is a gas optimization technique, as arithmetic operations within an unchecked block are cheaper than those with default overflow/underflow checks.

3. Zero Check:
   solidity
   if (a == 0) return (true, 0);
   
    If a is zero, the function immediately returns (true, 0). This is because multiplying any number by zero results in zero, and there is no risk of overflow in this case.

4. Multiplication:
   solidity
   uint256 c = a  b;
   
    The function multiplies a and b and stores the result in a variable c.

5. Overflow Check:
   solidity
   if (c / a != b) return (false, 0);
   
    The function checks if c / a is not equal to b. If this condition is true, it indicates that an overflow occurred during the multiplication. In such a case, the function returns (false, 0), indicating that the multiplication was unsuccessful due to overflow.

6. Successful Multiplication:
   solidity
   return (true, c);
   
    If the overflow check passes, the function returns (true, c), indicating that the multiplication was successful and providing the result of the multiplication.

In summary, the tryMul function safely multiplies two unsigned integers and checks for overflow. It returns a boolean indicating the success of the operation and the result of the multiplication if it was successful. This function is useful for preventing overflow vulnerabilities in smart contracts, especially when dealing with arithmetic operations involving large numbers.