This code defines an internal pure function named mul, which takes two uint256 parameters, a and b, and returns a uint256 result. The purpose of this function is to safely perform multiplication on unsigned integers, ensuring that no overflow occurs.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    function mul(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256)
    The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it.
    The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

2. Early Return for Zero Multiplication:
    if (a == 0) { return 0; }
    This line checks if the first parameter a is zero. If a is zero, the function immediately returns zero. This is a gas optimization technique, as multiplying by zero will always result in zero, and there is no need to perform further calculations.

3. Multiplication Operation:
    uint256 c = a  b;
    If a is not zero, the function proceeds to multiply a and b, storing the result in a new variable c.

4. Overflow Check:
    require(c / a == b, "SafeMath: multiplication overflow");
    This line performs a check to ensure that the multiplication did not overflow. It does this by dividing the result c by a and comparing it to b. If the division result is not equal to b, it means an overflow occurred, and the function reverts with the error message "SafeMath: multiplication overflow".

5. Return the Result:
    return c;
    If the overflow check passes, the function returns the result c of the multiplication.

### Summary
The mul function ensures safe multiplication of two unsigned integers by:
 Quickly returning zero if the first operand is zero.
 Performing the multiplication.
 Verifying that no overflow occurred by checking the division of the result by the first operand against the second operand.
 Reverting the transaction with an error message if an overflow is detected.
 Returning the result if the operation is successful.

This function is a part of the SafeMath library, which is commonly used in Solidity to prevent arithmetic overflows and underflows, ensuring the security and correctness of mathematical operations in smart contracts.