This code defines an internal function named _fallback, which is designed to handle fallback calls in a proxy contract. The function ensures that the call is not coming from the admin of the contract, and then it forwards the call to the implementation contract using the delegatecall mechanism. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Access Control Check:
   solidity
   require(msg.sender != _getAdmin(), "Cannot fallback to proxy target");
   
   This line checks if the caller of the function is not the admin of the contract. If the caller is the admin, the function execution is halted with the error message "Cannot fallback to proxy target". This is to prevent the admin from accidentally or maliciously calling the fallback function, which could lead to unexpected behavior.

2. Assembly Block:
   The following assembly block handles the lowlevel operations required to forward the call to the implementation contract.

    (a) Get Free Memory Pointer:
     solidity
     let ptr := mload(0x40)
     
     This line retrieves the free memory pointer, which points to the next available location in memory where data can be stored. The value 0x40 is a special address in EVM memory that stores the free memory pointer.

    (b) Get Address of the Implementation:
     solidity
     let impl := and(sload(IMPLEMENTATION_SLOT), 0xffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff)
     
     This line loads the address of the implementation contract from the storage slot IMPLEMENTATION_SLOT. The and operation ensures that only the lower 20 bytes (the address) are kept, masking out any other data that might be stored in the slot.

    (1) Copy Incoming Call Data:
     solidity
     calldatacopy(ptr, 0, calldatasize())
     
     This line copies the entire calldata (the input data of the function call) into memory, starting at the address pointed to by ptr. The calldatasize() function returns the size of the calldata in bytes.

    (2) Forward Call to Logic Contract:
     solidity
     let result := delegatecall(gas(), impl, ptr, calldatasize(), 0, 0)
     let size := returndatasize()
     
     This line performs a delegatecall to the implementation contract. The delegatecall opcode is similar to call, but it executes the code of the target contract in the context of the calling contract. This means that the state changes will affect the state of the calling (proxy) contract, not the implementation contract. The gas() function provides the amount of gas available for the call. The result variable will be 0 if the call fails, and nonzero if it succeeds. The returndatasize() function returns the size of the return data from the call.

    (3) Retrieve Return Data:
     solidity
     returndatacopy(ptr, 0, size)
     
     This line copies the return data from the delegatecall into memory, starting at the address pointed to by ptr.

    (4) Forward Return Data Back to Caller:
     solidity
     switch result
     case 0 {
         revert(ptr, size)
     }
     default {
         return(ptr, size)
     }
     
     This block checks the result of the delegatecall. If the result is 0 (indicating failure), it reverts the transaction, sending the return data back to the caller. If the result is nonzero (indicating success), it returns the return data to the caller.

In summary, the _fallback function ensures that the call is not from the admin, then forwards the call to the implementation contract using delegatecall, and handles the return data appropriately. This mechanism allows the proxy contract to delegate function calls to the implementation contract while maintaining the state of the proxy contract.