This code defines an external function named addAdmin, which is designed to add an address to the list of administrators. The function is restricted to be called only by the governance address, as indicated by the onlyGov modifier.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Visibility:
    function addAdmin(address _account) external onlyGov { ... }: This line declares a function named addAdmin that takes one parameter, _account, which is of type address. The function is marked as external, meaning it can only be called from outside the contract.
    The onlyGov modifier ensures that this function can only be invoked by an address that has governance rights. This is a security measure to prevent unauthorized modifications to the list of administrators.

2. Function Body:
    admins[_account] = true;: This line updates the state of the contract. It sets the value associated with the key _account in the admins mapping to true. The admins mapping is assumed to be defined elsewhere in the contract, likely as mapping(address => bool) public admins;, which maps addresses to boolean values indicating whether an address is an admin.

3. State Mutation:
    By setting admins[_account] to true, the function effectively grants the address _account administrative privileges within the contract. This means that _account can now perform actions or invoke functions that are restricted to admins.

4. Security and Access Control:
    The use of the onlyGov modifier is crucial for maintaining the integrity and security of the contract. Without this modifier, any address could potentially add itself or others as admins, which could lead to unauthorized control over the contract.

5. Potential Side Effects:
    After the execution of this function, any subsequent checks for admin status using the admins mapping will return true for the _account address. This could enable _account to perform privileged actions, depending on the contract's logic.

In summary, the addAdmin function is a straightforward yet critical component for managing administrative access within a smart contract. It leverages a modifier to enforce access control, ensuring that only the governance address can modify the admin list, thereby enhancing the contract's security and integrity.