This code defines an external function named transferFrom, which is used to transfer tokens from one address to another on behalf of the token owner. This function is typically used in the context of ERC20 token contracts to allow approved third parties to move tokens from the token owner's account to a recipient's account, based on an allowance previously granted by the token owner.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    transferFrom(address _sender, address _recipient, uint256 _amount) external override returns (bool): This function takes three parameters: the address of the sender (_sender), the address of the recipient (_recipient), and the amount of tokens to be transferred (_amount). It is marked as external, meaning it can only be called from outside the contract, and override, indicating that it overrides a function from a base contract or interface (likely the ERC20 standard).

2. Handler Check:
    if (isHandler[msg.sender]) { ... }: The function first checks if the caller (msg.sender) is listed as a handler in the isHandler mapping. If msg.sender is a handler, it means the caller has special permissions to transfer tokens without needing to check the allowance. In this case, the function directly calls _transfer(_sender, _recipient, _amount) to execute the transfer and returns true.

3. Allowance Check and Update:
    If the caller is not a handler, the function proceeds to check and update the allowance.
    uint256 nextAllowance = allowances[_sender][msg.sender].sub(_amount, "BaseToken: transfer amount exceeds allowance");: This line calculates the new allowance by subtracting the transfer amount from the current allowance of the sender for the caller. The sub function is used to perform this subtraction safely, and it includes a check to ensure that the transfer amount does not exceed the allowance. If the transfer amount exceeds the allowance, the function reverts with the message "BaseToken: transfer amount exceeds allowance".

4. Approval Update:
    _approve(_sender, msg.sender, nextAllowance);: This line updates the allowance of the sender for the caller to the new value (nextAllowance). The _approve function is an internal function that updates the allowance mapping and emits an Approval event.

5. Token Transfer:
    _transfer(_sender, _recipient, _amount);: This line calls the internal _transfer function to transfer the specified amount of tokens from the sender to the recipient. The _transfer function handles the actual movement of tokens, updating the balances of the sender and recipient accordingly.

6. Return Value:
    return true;: Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the transfer was successful.

In summary, the transferFrom function allows for controlled token transfers based on allowances, with an additional shortcut for privileged handlers. It ensures that the transfer amount does not exceed the allowed amount, updates the allowance accordingly, and performs the token transfer.