This code defines a public function named burn, which is used to destroy a specified amount of tokens held by the caller of the function. The function can only be executed if the contract is in an active state, as enforced by the onlyActive modifier. The function returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation was successful.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Access Control:
    function burn(uint256 value) public onlyActive returns (bool success) {
      The function burn takes a single parameter value of type uint256, which represents the amount of tokens to be burned.
      The public keyword indicates that this function can be called from outside the contract as well as inside.
      The onlyActive modifier ensures that the function can only be executed if the contract is in an active state. This modifier likely checks some condition to ensure the contract is not paused or in a state where token burning is not allowed.
      The function returns a boolean value success indicating whether the burn operation was successful.

2. Balance Check:
    if (balances[msg.sender] < value) { revert(); }
      This line checks if the balance of the caller (msg.sender) is less than the amount of tokens they want to burn. If the balance is insufficient, the function execution is reverted using the revert() function, which stops execution and rolls back any changes made to the state during this function call.

3. NonZero Value Check:
    if (value <= 0) { revert(); }
      This line ensures that the value to be burned is greater than zero. If value is zero or negative (though uint256 cannot be negative), the function execution is reverted.

4. Token Deduction from Sender's Balance:
    balances[msg.sender] = balances[msg.sender].sub(value);
      This line subtracts the specified value from the balance of the caller (msg.sender). The sub function is likely a safe subtraction function to prevent underflows.

5. Total Supply Reduction:
    _totalSupply = _totalSupply.sub(value);
      This line reduces the total supply of tokens in the contract by the specified value. This reflects the destruction of tokens.

6. Event Emission:
    emit Burn(msg.sender, value);
      This line emits an event named Burn with two parameters: the address of the caller (msg.sender) and the amount of tokens burned (value). Events are logged and can be monitored offchain to track actions like token burns.

7. Return Statement:
    return true;
      Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the burn operation was successful.

This function is crucial for token economics where token holders might want to reduce their token holdings, possibly due to regulatory compliance or other strategic reasons. The function ensures that the operation is secure, only allowing valid and sufficient token burns.