This code defines an internal function named _transfer, which is designed to handle the transfer of tokens from one address to another within a smart contract. The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the contract or from contracts that inherit from it.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    The function _transfer takes three parameters:
      sender: The address from which the tokens are being transferred.
      recipient: The address to which the tokens are being transferred.
      amount: The amount of tokens to be transferred.

2. Precondition Check:
    The function starts with a require statement:
     solidity
     require(recipient != address(this), "can't send to MRC20");
     
     This line ensures that the recipient address is not the same as the contract's own address. If the recipient is the contract itself, the transaction will be reverted with the error message "can't send to MRC20". This is likely to prevent tokens from being locked within the contract.

3. Token Transfer:
    The function then performs the token transfer:
     solidity
     address(uint160(recipient)).transfer(amount);
     
     This line converts the recipient address to an address payable type by casting it to uint160 and then back to address. This is necessary because the transfer function is typically available on address payable types, which can receive Ether. However, the use of transfer here might be a mistake or a specific requirement of the token standard (like ERC20) being implemented, as ERC20 tokens do not use transfer for token transfers. Typically, ERC20 tokens would update balances in storage and emit an event.

4. Event Emission:
    Finally, the function emits an event to log the transfer:
     solidity
     emit Transfer(sender, recipient, amount);
     
     This line emits a Transfer event, which is a standard way to log token transfers in ERC20 and similar token standards. The event includes the sender, recipient, and the amount transferred.

### Summary
The _transfer function is a critical part of a token contract, handling the movement of tokens between addresses. It includes checks to prevent sending tokens to the contract itself, performs the token transfer (though the method used here might not be standard for ERC20 tokens), and logs the transaction with an event. This function is essential for maintaining the integrity and functionality of the token system within the smart contract.