This code defines a public function named increaseAllowance, which is used to increase the allowance of a specified spender for the caller's tokens. This function is typically found in ERC20 token contracts to allow users to authorize other addresses to spend a certain amount of their tokens on their behalf.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    Name: increaseAllowance
    Parameters:
      address spender: The address of the account that is being granted an increased allowance to spend the caller's tokens.
      uint256 addedValue: The amount by which the allowance of the spender is to be increased.
    Visibility: public  This means the function can be called from any contract or externally.
    Returns: bool  The function returns true if the operation was successful.

2. Function Body:
    Validation:
      require(spender != address(0));: This line ensures that the spender address is not the zero address (0x0). This is a common security measure to prevent operations with the zero address, which could be indicative of an error or a misuse of the function.

    Increasing Allowance:
      _allowed[msg.sender][spender] = (_allowed[msg.sender][spender].add(addedValue));: This line updates the allowance of the spender for the tokens owned by msg.sender (the caller of the function). It uses the add function (which is typically a safe math operation to prevent overflow) to add the addedValue to the current allowance. The result is then stored back in the _allowed mapping.

    Event Emission:
      emit Approval(msg.sender, spender, _allowed[msg.sender][spender]);: This line emits an Approval event, which is a standard event in ERC20 tokens. This event logs the updated allowance, indicating that msg.sender has approved spender to spend _allowed[msg.sender][spender] tokens on their behalf. This event is crucial for transparency and for offchain services that track token allowances and transactions.

    Return Value:
      return true;: Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the operation was successful.

This function is essential for managing token allowances in a decentralized manner, allowing token holders to dynamically adjust the amount of tokens that other addresses can spend on their behalf. This is particularly useful in scenarios where a user wants to authorize a smart contract to perform transactions with their tokens, such as participating in decentralized finance (DeFi) applications.