This code defines an internal view function named isContract, which is designed to determine whether a given Ethereum address is a contract address or an externally owned account (EOA). Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    The function isContract takes a single parameter: address account, which is the Ethereum address to be checked.
    The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it.
    The function is also marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without requiring a transaction.

2. Variable Declaration:
    bytes32 codehash; declares a variable to store the code hash of the given address.
    bytes32 accountHash = 0xc5d2460186f7233c927e7db2dcc703c0e500b653ca82273b7bfad8045d85a470; initializes a variable with a specific hash value. This value is the Keccak256 hash of an empty string, which is used to identify EOAs since they do not have code.

3. Inline Assembly:
    The function uses inline assembly to retrieve the code hash of the given address. Inline assembly allows lowlevel access to the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).
    assembly { codehash := extcodehash(account) } uses the extcodehash opcode to get the code hash of the address. The extcodehash opcode returns the hash of the code at the given address. If the address is an EOA, the returned hash will be 0x0.

4. Return Statement:
    The function returns a boolean value based on the comparison of codehash with 0x0 and accountHash.
    return (codehash != 0x0 && codehash != accountHash); checks if the codehash is not 0x0 (indicating it is a contract) and also not equal to accountHash (indicating it is not an EOA with no code).
    If both conditions are met, the function returns true, indicating that the address is a contract. Otherwise, it returns false.

In summary, the isContract function uses inline assembly to retrieve the code hash of a given address and compares it against known values to determine if the address is a contract or an EOA. This is a common technique used in smart contracts to differentiate between contract addresses and externally owned accounts.