This code defines an internal pure function named sub, which takes two unsigned integer parameters a and b, and returns an unsigned integer. The purpose of this function is to safely subtract b from a while ensuring that the result is not negative, which is not possible with unsigned integers in Solidity.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function sub is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it. It is also marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain; it only operates on the input parameters.

2. Parameters: The function accepts two parameters:
    a: An unsigned integer (uint256) from which the subtraction will be performed.
    b: An unsigned integer (uint256) which will be subtracted from a.

3. Assertion: The function begins with an assert statement:
   solidity
   assert(b <= a);
   
   This line checks if b is less than or equal to a. The assert function in Solidity is used to ensure that a condition is true, and if it is not, it causes an invalid opcode, which effectively halts execution and rolls back all state changes. This is crucial because if b were greater than a, the subtraction would result in an underflow (a value wrapping around to a very large number due to the nature of unsigned integers), which is generally an undesirable and unsafe operation in most contexts.

4. Return Statement: If the assertion passes, the function proceeds to return the result of the subtraction:
   solidity
   return a  b;
   
   This line simply subtracts b from a and returns the result as an unsigned integer (uint256).

5. Safety and Usage: By using assert(b <= a), the function ensures that the subtraction operation is safe and will not result in an underflow. This makes the function suitable for use in contexts where you need to ensure that the subtraction operation does not lead to unexpected behavior or vulnerabilities due to arithmetic underflows.

In summary, the sub function provides a safe way to perform subtraction between two unsigned integers in Solidity by preventing underflows through a precondition check. This function is particularly useful in smart contracts where arithmetic operations need to be handled with care to avoid security vulnerabilities.