This code defines an internal pure function named mul, which takes two unsigned integer parameters a and b, and returns an unsigned integer. The purpose of this function is to safely perform multiplication between two numbers and ensure that there is no overflow.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    function mul(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256)
    The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it.
    The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

2. Edge Case Handling:
    if (a == 0) { return 0; }
    This line checks if the first parameter a is zero. If a is zero, the function immediately returns zero. This is a gas optimization as it avoids unnecessary multiplication and overflow checks.

3. Multiplication:
    uint256 c = a  b;
    If a is not zero, the function proceeds to multiply a and b and stores the result in a variable c.

4. Overflow Check:
    require(c / a == b, "SafeMath: multiplication overflow");
    This line checks for overflow by verifying that the division of c by a equals b. In Solidity, if there is no overflow, c / a should always equal b because multiplication and division are inverse operations. If this condition fails, it means that the multiplication resulted in an overflow, and the function throws an error with the message "SafeMath: multiplication overflow".

5. Return Value:
    return c;
    If the overflow check passes, the function returns the result of the multiplication stored in c.

### Summary
The mul function is a safe multiplication function that ensures no overflow occurs during the multiplication of two unsigned integers. It handles the edge case where one of the operands is zero to optimize gas usage and performs an overflow check to ensure the correctness of the result. This function is particularly useful in smart contracts where arithmetic operations need to be performed safely to prevent vulnerabilities.