This code defines an internal function named _transfer, which is used to transfer tokens from one address to another within a smart contract. The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the contract or derived contracts, and onlyNotDeprecated indicates that it can only be executed if the contract is not deprecated. The virtual keyword suggests that this function can be overridden in derived contracts.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Input Validation:
    The function takes three parameters: sender (the address sending tokens), recipient (the address receiving tokens), and amount (the number of tokens to transfer).
    It first checks that the amount is greater than zero with require(amount > 0, "amount should be > 0");.
    It then ensures that neither the sender nor the recipient is the zero address (which represents a null or invalid address) with require(sender != address(0), "ERC20: transfer from the zero address"); and require(recipient != address(0), "ERC20: transfer to the zero address");.

2. Handling Sender's Balance and Deposits:
    It retrieves the current deposit amount for the sender from the _deposits mapping and the reward index from the _rewardIndexForAccount mapping.
    If the sender has no deposits or the reward index is not at the maximum (indicating some special condition), it checks if the sender has enough balance to cover the transfer. If so, it updates the sender's balance and resets their deposit and reward index.
    If the sender has deposits and the reward index is at the maximum, it checks if the amount to be transferred is less than or equal to the deposit. Depending on this, it either reduces the deposit or adjusts the balance and resets the deposit.

3. Handling Recipient's Balance and Deposits:
    Similar logic is applied to the recipient. It checks the recipient's current deposits and reward index.
    If the recipient has no deposits or the reward index is not at the maximum, it updates the recipient's balance and sets their deposit and reward index accordingly.
    If the recipient has deposits and the reward index is at the maximum, it updates the recipient's balance and increases their deposit.

4. Emitting Transfer Event:
    Finally, the function emits a Transfer event to log the transaction, which includes the sender, recipient, and amount.

This function is crucial for maintaining the integrity of token balances and deposits within the smart contract, ensuring that transfers are only processed under valid conditions and that all state changes are correctly reflected.