This code defines an internal function named _mint, which is used to create new tokens and assign them to a specified account. This function is typically used in the context of ERC20 token contracts to increase the total supply of tokens and allocate them to a user's balance.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    The function _mint takes two parameters: address account and uint256 amount. The account parameter specifies the address to which the new tokens will be minted, and the amount parameter specifies the number of tokens to mint.

2. Precondition Check:
    The function starts with a require statement: require(account != address(0), 'ERC20: mint to the zero address');. This line checks that the account parameter is not the zero address (i.e., the null address). Minting tokens to the zero address is generally considered a bad practice because it can lead to loss of tokens and is against the ERC20 standard. If the account is the zero address, the function will revert with the error message 'ERC20: mint to the zero address'.

3. Updating Total Supply:
    The next line _totalSupply = _totalSupply.add(amount); updates the total supply of the token. The _totalSupply variable represents the total number of tokens in existence. The add function is typically a safe math function to prevent integer overflow and underflow. This line increases the total supply by the specified amount.

4. Updating Balances:
    The line _balances[account] = _balances[account].add(amount); updates the balance of the specified account. The _balances variable is a mapping that keeps track of the token balance of each address. This line increases the balance of the account by the specified amount.

5. Emitting Transfer Event:
    The final line emit Transfer(address(0), account, amount); emits a Transfer event. According to the ERC20 standard, a Transfer event should be emitted whenever tokens are transferred from one address to another. In this case, since the tokens are being minted, they are considered to be transferred from the zero address (address(0)) to the specified account. This event is important for offchain applications and services to track token transfers and balances.

In summary, the _mint function safely mints a specified amount of new tokens and assigns them to a specified account, while ensuring that the operation adheres to the ERC20 standard by checking for the zero address, updating the total supply and balances, and emitting a Transfer event.