This code defines a contract named MultiSigStub, which contains a function named _delegatecall. This function is designed to perform a delegate call to another contract at a specified address, passing some data and receiving a result. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Parameters:
    _delegatecall(bytes32 mData, uint size) public returns(bytes32 mResult): This function takes two parameters:
      mData: A bytes32 value representing the data to be passed to the target contract.
      size: A uint value indicating the size of the data.
    The function is marked as public, meaning it can be called from outside the contract as well as from within.
    It returns a bytes32 value named mResult, which will hold the result of the delegate call.

2. Variable Initialization:
    bool failed;: This boolean variable is initialized to store whether the delegate call failed or not.
    address target = 0xc0FFeEE61948d8993864a73a099c0E38D887d3F4;: This line sets the target address for the delegate call to a hardcoded value.
    mResult = bytes32(0x00);: This initializes mResult to a zerofilled bytes32 value, which will later be used to store the result of the delegate call.

3. Inline Assembly Block:
    The assembly block is used to perform lowlevel EVM operations directly.
    failed := iszero(delegatecall(sub(gas, 10000), target, mData, size, mResult, 0x20)): This line performs the delegate call.
      sub(gas, 10000): This calculates the amount of gas to be used for the delegate call, subtracting 10,000 from the current gas limit.
      target: The address of the contract to which the call is delegated.
      mData: The data to be passed to the target contract.
      size: The size of the data.
      mResult: The location where the result of the call will be stored.
      0x20: The size of the output data (32 bytes).
      iszero(...): This checks if the delegate call failed. If it failed, failed is set to true.

4. Require Statement:
    require(!failed);: This line checks if the delegate call failed. If failed is true, the function execution is reverted with an error. This ensures that the function only continues if the delegate call was successful.

In summary, the _delegatecall function in the MultiSigStub contract performs a delegate call to a specified target contract, passing data and receiving a result. It uses inline assembly to handle the lowlevel details of the delegate call and includes error handling to ensure that the function reverts if the call fails.