This code defines a smart contract named EDProxy, which includes a public payable function named withdraw. The withdraw function is designed to execute a delegatecall to a specified logic contract, passing along any provided data. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Parameters:
    function withdraw(address _logic, bytes memory _data) public payable: This function takes two parameters:
      _logic: An address representing the logic contract to which the delegatecall will be made.
      _data: A byte array containing the data to be passed to the logic contract. This data typically includes the function selector and arguments that the logic contract's function requires.

2. Function Body:
    if(_data.length > 0) {: This condition checks if the length of the _data byte array is greater than zero. This ensures that the delegatecall is only made if there is data to pass.
    bool success = _logic.delegatecall(_data);: If the condition is met, a delegatecall is made to the logic contract at the address _logic, passing the _data byte array. The delegatecall is a lowlevel function in Solidity that allows a contract to execute code from another contract in the context of the calling contract. This means that the storage, state, and address of the calling contract are used, but the code executed is from the logic contract.
    require(success);: This statement checks if the delegatecall was successful. If the delegatecall fails (e.g., due to an exception or revert in the logic contract), the transaction is reverted, and any state changes are rolled back. This ensures that the contract does not proceed with an unsuccessful call.

3. Public and Payable:
    public: This keyword makes the function accessible from any contract or externally owned account.
    payable: This keyword allows the function to receive Ether when it is called. This is useful if the logic contract's function being called requires or handles Ether.

4. Security Considerations:
    The use of delegatecall is powerful but also risky. Since the delegatecall executes code in the context of the calling contract, any changes to the state are made to the calling contract's state. This can lead to unexpected behavior if the logic contract is not carefully designed or if the data passed is not properly validated.
    The contract does not handle the case where _data is empty. This might be intentional, but it could also be a potential oversight, depending on the expected behavior of the contract.

In summary, the EDProxy contract's withdraw function is a simple proxy that uses delegatecall to execute functions on a specified logic contract. It ensures that the call is only made if there is data to pass and checks for the success of the call to maintain the integrity of the contract's state.