This code defines a Solidity smart contract named PreSaleFund. The contract includes a state variable owner and a function loggedTransfer. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variable owner:
    The contract initializes a state variable owner with the address of the message sender (msg.sender). This variable is set once when the contract is deployed and cannot be changed thereafter. It is used to identify the owner of the contract.

2. Function loggedTransfer:
    The function loggedTransfer is defined with two parameters: uint amount and address target. It is also marked as payable, which means it can receive Ether.
    The function includes two conditional checks:
      First Check (if(msg.sender != address(this)) throw;):
        This check ensures that the function can only be called from within the contract itself. If the caller is not the contract (address(this)), the function execution is aborted with a throw statement. This is a security measure to prevent external calls to this function.
      Second Check (if(!target.call.value(amount)()) { throw; }):
        This check attempts to transfer the specified amount of Ether to the target address using the call method. The call method is a lowlevel function that sends Ether to a contract and can also execute code within the target contract if it has a fallback function.
        If the transfer fails (i.e., the call returns false), the function execution is aborted with a throw statement. This ensures that the contract does not proceed if the transfer fails, preventing loss of funds.

Summary of the Contract:
 The PreSaleFund contract is designed to manage Ether transfers in a controlled manner. The loggedTransfer function ensures that Ether transfers can only be initiated from within the contract itself and that the transfer is logged and monitored. This design helps in maintaining control over the funds and ensures that transfers are only made to valid targets and in valid amounts.
 The use of throw statements in the function ensures that any failure in the transfer process results in the entire transaction being reverted, preserving the state of the contract and preventing unintended behavior.

Note:
 The use of throw for error handling is deprecated in newer versions of Solidity. It is recommended to use require, assert, or revert for better error handling and gas optimization.
 The call method is used here for transferring Ether, but it is important to handle potential reentrancy issues if the target contract has a fallback function that might call back into the PreSaleFund contract.