This code defines a smart contract named PreICOProxyBuyer, which manages investor balances and provides a function to refund those balances. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables and Data Structures:
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This line declares a public mapping named balances. A mapping in Solidity is similar to a dictionary or hash table in other programming languages. It maps addresses (of investors) to unsigned integers (their balances). The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this mapping, allowing external contracts or accounts to query the balance of any address.
    address investor = msg.sender;: This line declares a state variable named investor and assigns it the value of msg.sender. The msg.sender is a global variable in Solidity that represents the address of the account that initiated the current transaction. This variable is used to identify the investor who is interacting with the contract.

2. Function refund():
    function refund() { ... }: This line declares a function named refund that takes no parameters and does not specify a return type. This function is used to refund the balance of the investor who calls it.
    if(balances[investor] == 0) throw;: This line checks if the balance of the investor (investor) is zero. If it is, the function throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made in the current call and returns any unused gas to the caller. This check ensures that only investors with a nonzero balance can request a refund.
    uint amount = balances[investor];: This line retrieves the balance of the investor and stores it in a local variable named amount.
    delete balances[investor];: This line deletes the entry for the investor in the balances mapping, effectively setting their balance to zero.
    if(!(investor.call.value(amount)())) throw;: This line sends the refunded amount (amount) to the investor using the call function. The call.value() function is used to send Ether along with the call. The ! operator negates the boolean result of the call, and if the call fails (i.e., returns false), the function throws an exception. This ensures that the refund is only considered successful if the Ether is successfully sent to the investor.

Summary:
The PreICOProxyBuyer contract manages investor balances using a mapping and provides a refund function that allows investors to withdraw their balances. The function checks if the investor has a nonzero balance, retrieves the balance, deletes the balance entry, and sends the Ether back to the investor. If any step fails, the function throws an exception, reverting any state changes and ensuring the integrity of the contract's state.