This code defines a smart contract named FunFairSale, which includes a few state variables and a function to handle withdrawals. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    uint public deadline = 1499436000;: This variable sets a deadline for the contract, specified as a Unix timestamp (in seconds). The value 1499436000 corresponds to July 7, 2017, at 10:00:00 UTC. This deadline is used to control the execution of the withdraw function.
    address public owner;: This variable stores the address of the contract owner. The owner is the only one who can execute the withdraw function successfully.

2. Function withdraw:
    This function allows the owner to withdraw the contract's balance. It includes two conditional checks before executing the withdrawal:
      if (block.timestamp < deadline) throw;: This line checks if the current block timestamp is less than the deadline. If the condition is true, it throws an exception, which reverts the transaction and stops further execution. This ensures that the withdrawal can only occur after the deadline has passed.
      if (!owner.call.value(this.balance)()) throw;: This line attempts to send the entire balance of the contract to the owner's address using the call method with Ether (value(this.balance)). The call function is used here to send Ether and can also execute code at the recipient address if it is a contract. If the call fails (e.g., if the recipient contract does not have a payable fallback function or if there is an outofgas error), it throws an exception, which reverts the transaction.

Detailed Steps of the withdraw Function:
 Check Deadline: The function first checks if the current time (as represented by block.timestamp) is before the deadline. If it is, the function execution stops, and any state changes are reverted.
 Withdraw Balance: If the deadline has passed, the function then attempts to send the entire balance of the contract to the owner address. This is done using the call method, which is a lowlevel function that can send Ether and optionally call a function on the recipient contract. If this operation fails for any reason, the function execution stops, and any state changes are reverted.

Security Considerations:
 Reentrancy Guard: The use of call.value() without a reentrancy guard could potentially expose the contract to reentrancy attacks, where the recipient contract repeatedly calls back into the sending contract before the initial call completes. However, in this specific case, the function does not modify any state after the call, so the risk is mitigated.
 Exception Handling: The use of throw is deprecated in Solidity. It is recommended to use revert(), require(), or assert() for better error handling and gas efficiency.

This contract is relatively simple but demonstrates key concepts in Ethereum smart contract development, including state management, timebased logic, and lowlevel Ether transfers.