This code defines a smart contract named EDProxy, which includes a state variable owner to store the address of the contract owner. The contract also contains a public payable function named withdraw, which allows the owner to execute a delegate call to another contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. State Variable owner:
    address public owner; declares a public state variable owner of type address. This variable stores the address of the contract owner. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this variable, allowing external contracts and accounts to read its value.

2. Function withdraw:
    function withdraw(address _logic, bytes memory _data) public payable defines a public payable function named withdraw. This function takes two parameters: _logic (an address of the contract to which the delegate call will be made) and _data (a byte array containing the calldata for the delegate call). The payable keyword allows this function to receive Ether.

3. Access Control:
    require(owner == msg.sender); checks if the caller of the function (msg.sender) is the same as the owner of the contract. If this condition is not met, the function execution is reverted, ensuring that only the owner can call this function.

4. Delegate Call Execution:
    if (_data.length > 0) { checks if the length of the _data byte array is greater than zero. This condition ensures that the delegate call is only attempted if there is valid calldata provided.
    bool success = _logic.delegatecall(_data); performs a delegate call to the contract at address _logic with the calldata _data. The delegatecall function allows the code at _logic to be executed in the context of the EDProxy contract, meaning it uses the storage and balance of the EDProxy contract but executes the logic from _logic.
    require(success); checks if the delegate call was successful. If the call fails (e.g., due to an exception or invalid logic), this statement reverts the transaction, ensuring that no state changes occur if the delegate call fails.

In summary, the EDProxy contract provides a mechanism for the owner to execute arbitrary logic from another contract (_logic) in the context of the EDProxy contract itself, using the delegatecall function. This is a powerful feature that requires careful handling, as it can lead to security vulnerabilities if not used correctly (e.g., storage layout mismatches between the calling and called contracts).