This code defines a smart contract named Proxy, which acts as a proxy to forward calls to another contract. The contract has two state variables: callee, which stores the address of the contract to which calls are forwarded, and owner, which stores the address of the contract owner.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    address callee;: This variable holds the address of the contract to which calls will be forwarded.
    address owner;: This variable holds the address of the contract owner, who has special privileges to modify the callee address.

2. Modifier onlyOwner:
    modifier onlyOwner {: This modifier ensures that only the owner of the contract can execute certain functions.
      require(msg.sender == owner);: This line checks if the message sender (msg.sender) is the same as the owner. If not, the function call is reverted.
      _;: This placeholder is where the function body will be inserted when the modifier is used.

3. Function setCallee:
    function setCallee(address newCallee) public onlyOwner {: This function allows the owner to set a new callee address.
      onlyOwner: This modifier ensures that only the owner can call this function.
      callee = newCallee;: This line updates the callee address to the new address provided as an argument.

4. Function forward:
    function forward(bytes _data) public {: This function allows anyone to forward a call to the callee contract with the provided data.
      require(callee.delegatecall(_data));: This line performs a delegatecall to the callee contract with the provided data (_data). The delegatecall is a lowlevel function that allows the called contract to execute code in the context of the calling contract. If the delegatecall fails, the function call is reverted.

### Summary of the Contract's Functionality:
 The Proxy contract acts as a middleman, forwarding calls to another contract specified by the callee address.
 The owner of the contract has the exclusive right to change the callee address.
 Anyone can call the forward function to forward a call to the callee contract, using the delegatecall mechanism to execute code in the context of the Proxy contract.

This design allows for dynamic forwarding of calls to different contracts, controlled by the owner, while maintaining the state and context of the Proxy contract.