This code defines a smart contract named MMOToken, which includes functionality to manage token locking based on time. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping (address => uint256) public lockAddress;
     This mapping associates each address with a uint256 value, representing the timestamp until which the tokens of that address are locked. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this mapping.
    address public owner;
     This variable stores the address of the contract owner. The public keyword also generates a getter function for this variable.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner()
     This modifier ensures that only the owner of the contract can execute functions that include this modifier. It checks if the msg.sender (the address that initiated the transaction) is equal to the owner. If the condition is met, the function execution continues (_).

3. Functions:
    function lockTime(address _to, uint256 _value) onlyOwner public returns (bool)
     This function allows the owner to set a lock time for a specified address. It takes two parameters:
      _to: The address whose tokens are to be locked.
      _value: The timestamp until which the tokens should be locked.
     The function includes the onlyOwner modifier, ensuring that only the owner can call this function.
     Inside the function:
      It checks if the _value is greater than the current block timestamp (block.timestamp). If true, it sets the lockAddress[_to] to _value and returns true.
      If the _value is not greater than the current block timestamp, it returns false.

Summary of the Contract Functionality:
 The MMOToken contract allows the owner to lock tokens of specific addresses until a specified future timestamp.
 The lockTime function is used to set this lock, and it ensures that the lock time is in the future by comparing it with the current block timestamp.
 The onlyOwner modifier ensures that only the owner can perform this action, adding a layer of security to the function.
 The contract uses a mapping to store the lock times for each address, which can be accessed publicly.

This contract provides a basic framework for token locking based on time, which can be extended with additional functionalities as needed.