This code defines a smart contract named MEWCrowdsale, which includes an internal array of two unsigned integers named signatures and a constant address variable SIGN_ADDRESS1. The contract also contains a public function named changeWallet.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Contract Structure and Variables:
    uint256[2] internal signatures;: This line declares an internal array of two unsigned integers (uint256). The array is used to store two values, which are not explicitly initialized in the provided code snippet.
    address SIGN_ADDRESS1 = address(0xa5a5f62BfA22b1E42A98Ce00131eA658D5E29B37);: This line defines a constant address variable named SIGN_ADDRESS1, which is set to a specific Ethereum address (0xa5a5f62BfA22b1E42A98Ce00131eA658D5E29B37).

2. Function changeWallet:
    function changeWallet(address newWallet) public returns (bool) {: This line declares a public function named changeWallet that takes one parameter (newWallet of type address) and returns a boolean value. The function is intended to change a wallet address, presumably within the contract or associated systems.
    uint256 blocktime = block.timestamp;: Inside the function, a local variable blocktime is declared and initialized with the current block timestamp using block.timestamp. This value represents the current time as determined by the blockchain.
    if (msg.sender == SIGN_ADDRESS1) {: This line checks if the sender of the transaction (msg.sender) is equal to the predefined address SIGN_ADDRESS1.
    signatures[0] = blocktime;: If the condition is true, the first element of the signatures array is set to the current block timestamp (blocktime). This action implies that only the owner or a designated address (SIGN_ADDRESS1) can update this specific part of the contract state.
    return true;: Finally, the function returns true, indicating successful execution of the function.

Summary of Functionality:
The changeWallet function is designed to allow a specific address (SIGN_ADDRESS1) to update the first element of the signatures array with the current block timestamp. This function does not actually change a wallet address as the name might suggest, but rather updates a specific state variable in the contract. The function is restricted to be called only by the address defined in SIGN_ADDRESS1, ensuring that only authorized entities can perform this action.