This code defines a smart contract named TokenVesting which is designed to manage the vesting of tokens over a specified period. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    start: A public unsigned integer that represents the start time of the vesting period.
    duration: A public unsigned integer that represents the duration of the vesting period.

2. Function vestedAmount:
    Visibility and Mutability: This function is public and viewable, meaning it can be called by anyone and does not modify the state of the contract.
    Parameters: It takes one parameter, token, which is an address representing the token being vested.
    Local Variables:
      currentBalance: A local variable set to 100, representing the current balance of the token.
      totalBalance: A local variable calculated as the sum of currentBalance and an additional 100, resulting in a total of 200.
    Logic:
      The function checks if the current timestamp (block.timestamp) is greater than or equal to the sum of start and duration. This condition determines if the vesting period has ended.
      If the condition is true, the function returns the product of totalBalance and start. This calculation seems incorrect as it does not reflect a typical vesting formula (which usually involves a percentage of tokens released over time). Instead, it multiplies the total balance by the start time, which does not make logical sense in the context of vesting.

Issues and Improvements:
 The calculation inside the if statement is incorrect for determining the vested amount. Typically, vesting calculations involve determining the percentage of the total tokens that should be released based on the elapsed time since the start.
 The function does not use the token parameter in any meaningful way, which might indicate an incomplete or placeholder implementation.
 The function should ideally return the amount of tokens that have vested up to the current time, based on a proper vesting schedule formula.

Correct Vesting Calculation Example:
A typical vesting function might look like this:
solidity
function vestedAmount(address token) public view returns (uint256) {
    uint256 totalBalance = 200; // Example total balance
    if (block.timestamp < start) {
        return 0; // No tokens vested before the start time
    } else if (block.timestamp >= start + duration) {
        return totalBalance; // All tokens vested after the duration
    } else {
        return (totalBalance  (block.timestamp  start)) / duration; // Proportion of tokens vested
    }
}

This example correctly calculates the vested amount based on the elapsed time and the total duration of the vesting period.