The code I am giving you:
solidity
contract ProofOfExistence {
  mapping (string => uint) private proofs;

  function storeProof(string sha256) {
        proofs[sha256] = block.timestamp;
        return;
  }
}

You need to answer like this:
This code defines a smart contract named ProofOfExistence, which is designed to store the timestamp of when a specific SHA256 hash (represented as a string) was recorded on the blockchain.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Contract Definition: The contract is named ProofOfExistence. It contains a single mapping named proofs. This mapping associates strings (representing SHA256 hashes) with unsigned integers (representing timestamps).

2. Mapping Declaration: The mapping (string => uint) private proofs; line declares a private mapping. This means that the mapping is only accessible within the contract itself and cannot be directly accessed by external contracts or accounts. The key of the mapping is a string (SHA256 hash), and the value is a uint (timestamp).

3. Function Definition: The contract contains a function named storeProof which takes a single parameter of type string named sha256. This function is used to store the current block's timestamp against the provided SHA256 hash in the proofs mapping.

4. Function Implementation: Inside the storeProof function, the line proofs[sha256] = block.timestamp; assigns the current block's timestamp to the key sha256 in the proofs mapping. The block.timestamp is a builtin variable in Solidity that represents the timestamp of the current block.

5. Return Statement: The function ends with a return; statement, which simply exits the function. Since the function does not return any value, this return statement is essentially a noop in this context.

6. Access Control: The function storeProof does not specify any visibility (like public, external, etc.), which means it defaults to public. This allows the function to be called from outside the contract, potentially by any user or contract. However, since the mapping proofs is private, its contents cannot be directly queried or modified by external entities, ensuring some level of data privacy.

In summary, the ProofOfExistence contract provides a simple mechanism to record the timestamp of when a specific SHA256 hash was first seen on the blockchain, using a mapping to store these records privately.