The code I am giving you:
solidity
contract Ownable1 {
    function started() public view returns(bool) {
        if (block.timestamp >= 100) {
            return true;
        } else {
            return false;
        }
    }
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a contract named Ownable1 which contains a public view function named started. The purpose of this function is to check if a certain condition related to the blockchain's timestamp has been met.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:
1. Function Signature: The function started is declared as public and view, meaning it can be called externally by any user and does not modify the state of the blockchain. It returns a boolean value.

2. Block Timestamp Check: Inside the function, there is an if statement that checks if the current block's timestamp (block.timestamp) is greater than or equal to 100. The block.timestamp is a global variable in Solidity that represents the timestamp of the current block.

3. Return Values:
    If the condition block.timestamp >= 100 is true, the function returns true.
    If the condition is false, the function returns false.

4. Usage and Implications: This function can be used to determine if a certain event or condition has started based on the blockchain's timestamp. For example, it could be used to gate certain functionalities or checks in a smart contract until a specific time has passed.

5. Potential Issues:
    Precision and Accuracy: The block.timestamp is set by the miner of the block and can be manipulated within a small range (up to about 15 seconds on Ethereum). This means that the function's result might not be perfectly accurate in scenarios requiring high precision.
    Fixed Threshold: The threshold of 100 is hardcoded, which might not be flexible for different use cases. If the threshold needs to be changed, the contract would require an update.

In summary, the started function in the Ownable1 contract checks if the current block's timestamp has reached or exceeded 100, returning true if it has and false otherwise. This can be useful for timebased conditions in smart contracts, though care should be taken with the precision and flexibility of the timestamp check.