The code I am giving you:
solidity
function mul(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
    // Gas optimization: this is cheaper than requiring 'a' not being zero, but the
    // benefit is lost if 'b' is also tested.
    // See: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelincontracts/pull/522
    if (a == 0) {
        return 0;
    }

    uint256 c = a  b;
    require(c / a == b, "SafeMath: multiplication overflow");

    return c;
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines an internal function named mul, which performs a multiplication operation on two unsigned 256bit integers (a and b) and returns the result. The function is designed to prevent overflow errors, which can occur when the result of the multiplication exceeds the maximum value that can be stored in a uint256 variable.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Gas Optimization Check: The function starts with a gas optimization check. If a is equal to 0, the function immediately returns 0. This is because any number multiplied by 0 is 0, and this check avoids unnecessary multiplication and potential overflow checks.

2. Multiplication Operation: If a is not 0, the function proceeds to multiply a and b, storing the result in a variable c.

3. Overflow Check: To ensure that the multiplication did not result in an overflow (i.e., the result is not accurate due to exceeding the uint256 limit), the function performs a division check. It verifies that c divided by a equals b. This check works under the assumption that if no overflow occurred, the division of the product by one of the original numbers should yield the other original number. If this condition is not met, it indicates an overflow has occurred.

4. Error Handling: If the overflow check fails, the function uses the require statement to throw an error with the message "SafeMath: multiplication overflow". This halts the execution of the function and reverts any changes made to the state, ensuring the contract's integrity is maintained.

5. Return Value: If the multiplication and overflow check are successful, the function returns the result c.

This function is crucial in smart contract development, especially in financial applications, to prevent arithmetic errors that could lead to significant financial losses or security vulnerabilities.