The code I am giving you:
solidity
function _revokeRole(bytes32 role, address account) private {
    if (_roles[role].members.remove(account)) {
        emit RoleRevoked(role, account, _msgSender());
    }
}

You need to answer like this:
This code defines a private function named _revokeRole, which is used to revoke a specific role from an account within a smart contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function _revokeRole takes two parameters:
    bytes32 role: This is a unique identifier for the role that needs to be revoked. In Solidity, bytes32 is commonly used to represent fixedsize byte arrays, which are suitable for role identifiers.
    address account: This is the Ethereum address of the account from which the role is to be revoked.

2. Access Modifier: The function is marked as private, which means it can only be called from within the smart contract itself. This restricts its usage to internal functions and prevents external calls.

3. Role Management: The function interacts with a mapping _roles which is assumed to be defined elsewhere in the contract. This mapping likely maps each role (identified by bytes32) to a struct or another data structure that manages the members of that role.

4. Removing the Account: The function attempts to remove the specified account from the members list of the specified role using the remove method. The remove method is assumed to be a part of the data structure managing the members of the role. This method is expected to return a boolean indicating whether the removal was successful.

5. Conditional Check: The if statement checks the result of the remove operation. If the account was successfully removed from the role's members list, the condition evaluates to true.

6. Event Emission: If the account is successfully removed, the function emits an event RoleRevoked. This event is used to notify external applications or services that a role has been revoked from an account. The event includes the following parameters:
    role: The identifier of the role that was revoked.
    account: The address of the account from which the role was revoked.
    _msgSender(): The address of the caller of the function. This is typically the address that initiated the transaction, obtained using the _msgSender() function, which is a common way to get the sender's address in OpenZeppelin's contracts.

7. Security Considerations: The function does not explicitly handle cases where the account does not have the role or where the role does not exist. These scenarios might need to be addressed depending on the overall design and requirements of the smart contract.

In summary, the _revokeRole function is a utility for managing roles within a smart contract, specifically for revoking roles from accounts. It ensures that roles are managed securely and changes are properly logged through event emissions.