The code I am giving you:
solidity
function _verifyCallResult(bool success, bytes memory returndata, string memory errorMessage) private pure returns(bytes memory) {
    if (success) {
        return returndata;
    } else {
        // Look for revert reason and bubble it up if present
        if (returndata.length > 0) {
            // The easiest way to bubble the revert reason is using memory via assembly

            // solhintdisablenextline noinlineassembly
            assembly {
                let returndata_size := mload(returndata)
                revert(add(32, returndata), returndata_size)
            }
        } else {
            revert(errorMessage);
        }
    }
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a private pure function named _verifyCallResult, which is designed to handle the results of a lowlevel call in Solidity. The function takes three parameters: a boolean success indicating whether the call was successful, a bytes memory returndata containing the data returned by the call if it was successful, and a string memory errorMessage that provides a custom error message to revert with if the call was not successful.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Parameters:
    bool success: This boolean indicates whether the lowlevel call was successful.
    bytes memory returndata: This contains the data returned by the call if it was successful.
    string memory errorMessage: This is a custom error message that will be used if the call was not successful and there is no revert reason data available.

2. Function Logic:
    The function first checks if the success parameter is true. If it is, the function simply returns the returndata as the output.
    If success is false, the function proceeds to handle the error case.

3. Error Handling:
    The function checks if the length of returndata is greater than 0. If it is, this means that the call reverted with some reason data.
    To handle this, the function uses inline assembly to extract the size of the revert reason data and then reverts the transaction with this data. This is done to propagate the original revert reason to the caller.
      let returndata_size := mload(returndata): This line loads the size of the revert reason data.
      revert(add(32, returndata), returndata_size): This line reverts the transaction with the revert reason data. The add(32, returndata) part is used to skip the first 32 bytes of the returndata which contain the length of the data.
    If the returndata length is 0, the function reverts with the provided errorMessage.

4. Assembly Usage:
    The use of inline assembly (assembly { ... }) is a lowlevel way to interact with the EVM. It allows for more control over memory and execution but requires careful handling to avoid vulnerabilities.

This function is useful in scenarios where you need to make lowlevel calls and want to handle the results, especially the revert reasons, in a detailed manner. It helps in providing better error messages and debugging information to the caller.