The code I am giving you:
solidity
function callOptionalReturn(IERC20 token, bytes memory data) private {
    require(address(token).isContract(), "SafeERC20: call to noncontract");

    // solhintdisablenextline avoidlowlevelcalls
    (bool success, bytes memory returndata) = address(token).call(data);
    require(success, "SafeERC20: lowlevel call failed");

    if (returndata.length > 0) { // Return data is optional
        // solhintdisablenextline maxlinelength
        require(abi.decode(returndata, (bool)), "SafeERC20: ERC20 operation did not succeed");
    }
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a private function named callOptionalReturn, which is designed to safely interact with ERC20 tokens by making lowlevel calls. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Input Parameters:
    IERC20 token: This is an interface representing an ERC20 token. It is used to ensure that the address provided is indeed an ERC20 token contract.
    bytes memory data: This is the encoded function call data that will be sent to the ERC20 token contract.

2. Contract Check:
    The function starts by verifying that the address of the token is indeed a contract using require(address(token).isContract(), "SafeERC20: call to noncontract");. This ensures that the address is not an EOA (Externally Owned Account) but a contract.

3. LowLevel Call:
    The function then makes a lowlevel call to the token contract using address(token).call(data). This call returns two values:
      bool success: A boolean indicating whether the call was successful.
      bytes memory returndata: The data returned by the call, if any.

4. Success Check:
    The function checks if the call was successful using require(success, "SafeERC20: lowlevel call failed");. If the call failed, the transaction is reverted with the message "SafeERC20: lowlevel call failed".

5. Return Data Handling:
    If there is any return data (returndata.length > 0), the function attempts to decode it as a boolean using abi.decode(returndata, (bool)).
    The function then checks if the decoded boolean is true using require(abi.decode(returndata, (bool)), "SafeERC20: ERC20 operation did not succeed");. If the decoded boolean is false, the transaction is reverted with the message "SafeERC20: ERC20 operation did not succeed".

6. Optional Return Data:
    The handling of return data is optional, meaning that the function will still execute successfully even if no return data is provided. This is useful for cases where the ERC20 token contract does not return a boolean or any data.

In summary, the callOptionalReturn function ensures safe interaction with ERC20 tokens by verifying the contract status, making a lowlevel call, checking for call success, and optionally handling return data to ensure the operation was successful. This function is particularly useful for wrapping calls to ERC20 functions that may not consistently return boolean values, ensuring that the calling contract can handle such cases robustly.