The code I am giving you:
solidity
function sub(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
    assert(b <= a);
    return a  b;
}

You need to answer like this:
This code defines an internal function named sub, which takes two unsigned integer parameters a and b, and returns an unsigned integer. The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function sub is declared with the internal visibility, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it. The pure keyword specifies that the function does not interact with the state of the blockchain, ensuring it only operates on its input parameters.

2. Parameter Types: Both parameters a and b are of type uint256, which is an unsigned integer of 256 bits. This means they can hold values from 0 to \(2^{256}  1\).

3. Assertion Check: The function begins with an assert statement that checks if b is less than or equal to a. The assert function in Solidity is used to check for conditions that should never be false. If the condition b <= a is not met, the function will trigger an exception, causing the transaction to revert. This is crucial for preventing underflows, where subtracting a larger number from a smaller number would result in a very large or incorrect value due to the nature of unsigned integers.

4. Return Value: If the assertion passes, the function proceeds to return the result of the subtraction a  b. This operation is straightforward and ensures that the result is always a valid, nonnegative unsigned integer, given the precondition that b is less than or equal to a.

5. Security Considerations: The use of assert here is appropriate for enforcing a critical invariant in the function. However, it's important to note that assert should be used sparingly and primarily for conditions that indicate a contract's internal error or a violation of an invariant. For conditions that might reasonably occur during normal operation but should still revert the transaction, require is typically more suitable.

In summary, the sub function safely performs subtraction between two unsigned integers by ensuring that the operation does not lead to an underflow, which is a common issue in arithmetic operations with unsigned integers in smart contracts.