The code I am giving you:
solidity
function allowance(address owner, address spender) external view returns (uint256);

/
  @dev Sets amount as the allowance of spender over the caller's tokens.
 
  Returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation succeeded.
 
  IMPORTANT: Beware that changing an allowance with this method brings the risk
  that someone may use both the old and the new allowance by unfortunate
  transaction ordering. One possible solution to mitigate this race
  condition is to first reduce the spender's allowance to 0 and set the
  desired value afterwards:
  https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20#issuecomment263524729
 
  Emits an {Approval} event.
 /
function approve(address spender, uint256 amount) external returns (bool);


Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function allowance(address owner, address spender) external view returns (uint256):
    This function is a view function, meaning it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without incurring gas fees.
    It takes two parameters: owner and spender, both of type address.
    The function returns a uint256 value, which represents the remaining number of tokens that the spender is allowed to spend on behalf of the owner.
    This function is typically used to check the current allowance granted by the owner to the spender.

2. Function approve(address spender, uint256 amount) external returns (bool):
    This function allows the caller (the owner) to set an amount as the allowance of the spender over the caller's tokens.
    It takes two parameters: spender (the address of the account allowed to spend the tokens) and amount (the maximum amount of tokens the spender can spend).
    The function returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation succeeded.
    This function is crucial for enabling thirdparty transfers on behalf of the token owner.
    Race Condition Mitigation: The comment in the code highlights a potential vulnerability known as a "race condition" where a malicious actor could potentially use the old allowance before it is updated to the new value. To mitigate this, it is recommended to first set the allowance to 0 and then set it to the desired amount in two separate transactions.
    Event Emitting: The function emits an Approval event, which is used to notify external observers (such as blockchain explorers or other smart contracts) that an approval has been made. This event typically includes the owner, spender, and amount as parameters.

In summary, the allowance function is used to query the current allowance granted by an owner to a spender, while the approve function is used to set this allowance, with a note on mitigating potential race conditions.