The code I am giving you:
solidity
function div(uint256 a, uint256 b, string memory errorMessage) internal pure returns (uint256) {
    require(b > 0, errorMessage);
    return a / b;
}

You need to answer like this:
This code defines an internal function named div, which performs a division operation on two unsigned integer values (a and b) and returns the result. The function also includes an error message that is displayed if the division operation cannot be performed.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function div is declared with the following parameters:
    uint256 a: The dividend, which is the number to be divided.
    uint256 b: The divisor, which is the number by which the dividend is to be divided.
    string memory errorMessage: A string that provides an error message to be displayed if the division operation fails.

2. Internal and Pure Modifiers: The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it. The pure modifier indicates that the function does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain, ensuring that it only performs computations based on its input parameters.

3. Require Statement: The function uses a require statement to ensure that the divisor b is greater than 0. This is a crucial check because division by zero is undefined in mathematics and would cause the function to fail. If b is not greater than 0, the function will revert the transaction and display the provided errorMessage.

4. Division Operation: If the require check passes, the function proceeds to perform the division operation a / b and returns the result as a uint256 value.

5. Error Handling: The inclusion of errorMessage allows for more informative error handling. If the division by zero occurs, the specified error message will be displayed to the user or developer, helping to identify and understand the issue more clearly.

This function is a simple yet essential utility for performing safe division operations within smart contracts, ensuring that no invalid operations occur and providing clear feedback when they do.