This code defines an internal function named sub, which performs a subtraction operation between two unsigned integer values (a and b). The function also includes an error message that will be displayed if the subtraction operation cannot be performed due to the condition that b must be less than or equal to a.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    function sub(uint256 a, uint256 b, string memory errorMessage) internal pure returns (uint256)
    The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it.
    The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.
    It takes three parameters: two uint256 values (a and b) and a string memory for the error message.
    It returns a uint256 value, which is the result of the subtraction operation.

2. Require Statement:
    require(b <= a, errorMessage);
    This line checks if b is less than or equal to a. If this condition is not met, the function execution is halted, and the provided errorMessage is thrown, indicating why the operation failed. This is a safeguard to prevent underflows, which can occur if b is greater than a in a subtraction operation.

3. Subtraction Operation:
    uint256 c = a  b;
    If the condition in the require statement is satisfied, this line performs the subtraction operation where b is subtracted from a, and the result is stored in a new variable c.

4. Return Statement:
    return c;
    Finally, the function returns the result of the subtraction operation stored in variable c.

Summary:
The sub function is a utility function designed to safely perform subtraction between two unsigned integers. It ensures that the subtraction does not result in an underflow by enforcing a condition that the second operand (b) must be less than or equal to the first operand (a). If the condition is not met, an error message is displayed, and the function execution is stopped. This function is particularly useful in smart contracts where arithmetic operations need to be performed safely to avoid vulnerabilities.