The code I am giving you:
solidity
function decimals() public override view returns (uint8) {
    return _decimals;
}

You need to answer like this:
This code defines a public function named decimals, which is marked with the override keyword indicating that it overrides a function from a base contract (likely an ERC20 token contract). The function is also marked as view, meaning it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without incurring gas fees.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:
1. Function Signature: The function decimals() is declared as public, making it accessible from any contract or externally. The override keyword is used to indicate that this function is overriding a function with the same name from a parent contract, typically the ERC20 standard contract which includes a decimals function.

2. Return Type: The function returns a uint8 value, which is a type of unsigned integer that can hold values from 0 to 255. This is typically used to represent the number of decimal places in a token, as tokens often have a fixed number of decimal places (e.g., 18 for many ERC20 tokens).

3. Function Body: The body of the function is straightforward. It simply returns the value of the private variable _decimals. This variable is presumably set during the deployment of the contract or during an initialization phase, and it represents the number of decimal places that the token uses.

4. Usage: This function is used to query the number of decimal places of the token. This information is crucial for correctly calculating amounts when transferring tokens, as it affects how the token amounts are interpreted (e.g., 1 token might actually represent 1  10^18 units if the token has 18 decimal places).

5. Security Considerations: Since this function is a view function and does not modify the state, it does not pose any direct security risks. However, the accuracy and consistency of the _decimals value are important for the correct functioning of the token contract. If the _decimals value is incorrectly set, it could lead to miscalculations in token transfers and other operations.

In summary, the decimals function provides a simple and essential utility for querying the number of decimal places of the token, which is a fundamental attribute of any token contract.