The code I am giving you:
solidity
function safeTransferETH(address to, uint value) internal {
    (bool success,) = to.call{value:value}(new bytes(0));
    require(success, 'TransferHelper: ETH_TRANSFER_FAILED');
}

You need to answer like this:

This code defines an internal function named safeTransferETH, which is designed to safely transfer Ether (ETH) from the contract to a specified address. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    function safeTransferETH(address to, uint value) internal: This function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the contract or derived contracts. It takes two parameters:
      address to: The address to which the ETH is to be transferred.
      uint value: The amount of ETH to transfer, specified in wei.

2. LowLevel Call:
    (bool success,) = to.call{value:value}(new bytes(0));: This line performs a lowlevel call to the specified address to with the amount of ETH specified by value. The call function is used here because it allows sending ETH along with the call, which is necessary for transferring ETH. The {value: value} part specifies the amount of ETH to send. The new bytes(0) creates an empty byte array, indicating that no data is being sent with the call.

3. Check for Success:
    require(success, 'TransferHelper: ETH_TRANSFER_FAILED');: This line checks if the call was successful. The require statement ensures that if the call fails (i.e., success is false), the transaction is reverted with the error message 'TransferHelper: ETH_TRANSFER_FAILED'. This is a safety mechanism to prevent the contract from proceeding if the ETH transfer fails, ensuring that the contract’s state remains consistent.

### Summary
The safeTransferETH function is a robust way to transfer ETH from the contract to a specified address. It uses a lowlevel call to ensure the transfer happens correctly and includes a require statement to handle and revert the transaction if the transfer fails, thereby maintaining the integrity of the contract’s state. This function is particularly useful in scenarios where ensuring the successful transfer of ETH is critical, such as in financial applications or contracts dealing with asset transfers.