The code I am giving you:
solidity
function _verifyCallResult(bool success, bytes memory returndata, string memory errorMessage) private pure returns(bytes memory) {
    if (success) {
        return returndata;
    } else {
        if (returndata.length > 0) {
            assembly {
                let returndata_size := mload(returndata)
                revert(add(32, returndata), returndata_size)
            }
        } else {
            revert(errorMessage);
        }
    }
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a private pure function named _verifyCallResult, which is designed to handle the results of external function calls and ensure that any errors are properly propagated.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Parameters:
    bool success: A boolean indicating whether the external call was successful.
    bytes memory returndata: The data returned by the external call, if any.
    string memory errorMessage: A fallback error message to revert with if the external call fails and no return data is available.

2. Function Logic:
    The function first checks if the external call was successful (success is true). If it was, the function simply returns the returndata.
    If the external call was not successful (success is false), the function proceeds to handle the error:
      It checks if there is any return data (returndata.length > 0). If there is, it uses inline assembly to revert the transaction with the return data. The assembly block does the following:
        let returndata_size := mload(returndata): Loads the size of the return data.
        revert(add(32, returndata), returndata_size): Reverts the transaction, providing the return data to the caller. The add(32, returndata) offset is used because the first 32 bytes of returndata contain its length, and the actual data starts from the 33rd byte.
      If there is no return data (returndata.length == 0), the function reverts with the provided errorMessage.

3. Function Return:
    If the external call was successful, the function returns the returndata.
    If the external call failed and there was return data, the function reverts with that data.
    If the external call failed and there was no return data, the function reverts with the errorMessage.

This function is useful for ensuring that any errors from external calls are properly handled and propagated, which helps in maintaining the integrity and security of the smart contract. The use of inline assembly for reverting with return data allows for more precise error handling and can provide more detailed information about the failure.