The code I am giving you:
solidity
function hasRole(bytes32 role, address account) public view returns (bool) {
    return _roles[role].members.contains(account);
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a public view function named hasRole, which checks if a given account has a specific role within the smart contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function hasRole takes two parameters:
    bytes32 role: This is a 32byte hash that represents a specific role within the smart contract. Roles are typically defined using the keccak256 hash of the role name, such as keccak256("ADMIN_ROLE").
    address account: This is the Ethereum address of the account being checked for the role.

2. Return Type: The function returns a boolean value (bool). If the account has the specified role, the function returns true; otherwise, it returns false.

3. Internal Data Structure: The function accesses an internal data structure named _roles. This structure is likely a mapping where each key is a bytes32 role hash, and the value is another structure (possibly a Role struct) that contains a set of member addresses.

4. Checking Membership: The function uses the contains method on the members set within the _roles[role] structure. The contains method is likely a part of a Solidity library for handling sets, and it checks if the specified account is a member of the set associated with the given role.

5. View Function: The function is marked as view, which means it does not modify the state of the blockchain. It only reads data from the contract's storage and returns the result. This allows the function to be called without requiring a transaction, thus saving gas fees.

6. Security Considerations: This function is crucial for rolebased access control (RBAC) in smart contracts. It ensures that only authorized accounts can perform certain actions. However, the overall security of the contract depends on how roles are assigned and managed, as well as the integrity of the _roles data structure.

In summary, the hasRole function is a key component for implementing rolebased access control in a smart contract. It provides a simple and efficient way to check if an account has a specific role, which is essential for enforcing permissions and preventing unauthorized access to sensitive functions.