The code I am giving you:
solidity
function allowance(address owner, address spender) external view returns (uint256);

/
  @dev Sets amount as the allowance of spender over the caller's tokens.
 
  Returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation succeeded.
 
  IMPORTANT: Beware that changing an allowance with this method brings the risk
  that someone may use both the old and the new allowance by unfortunate
  transaction ordering. One possible solution to mitigate this race
  condition is to first reduce the spender's allowance to 0 and set the
  desired value afterwards:
  https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/20#issuecomment263524729
 
  Emits an {Approval} event.
 /
function approve(address spender, uint256 amount) external returns (bool);


You need to answer like this:
This code defines two functions related to token allowances in a smart contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how these functions work:

1. allowance Function:
    Purpose: This function is a view function that returns the remaining number of tokens that the spender is allowed to spend on behalf of the owner.
    Parameters:
      owner: The address of the token owner.
      spender: The address of the spender.
    Returns: The function returns a uint256 value representing the remaining allowance.
    Visibility: This function is marked as external, meaning it can be called from outside the contract but not from other functions within the contract.
    State Mutability: It is marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without a transaction.

2. approve Function:
    Purpose: This function sets the amount as the allowance of the spender over the caller's tokens. It is used to authorize a spender to spend a specified amount of tokens on behalf of the caller.
    Parameters:
      spender: The address of the spender who is being authorized to spend tokens.
      amount: The amount of tokens the spender is allowed to spend.
    Returns: The function returns a bool value indicating whether the operation succeeded.
    Visibility: This function is marked as external, meaning it can be called from outside the contract but not from other functions within the contract.
    State Mutability: It is not marked as view or pure, indicating that it modifies the state of the blockchain.
    Event Emission: The function emits an Approval event to notify the blockchain that the allowance has been updated.
    Security Consideration: The function includes a warning about the risk of transaction ordering attacks. To mitigate this risk, it is recommended to first set the spender's allowance to 0 before setting it to the desired amount. This prevents the spender from using both the old and new allowances if multiple transactions are executed in a specific order.

These functions are crucial for managing token allowances and ensuring that token transfers are authorized correctly. The allowance function provides transparency by allowing users to check how much a spender is authorized to spend, while the approve function enables users to grant or update spending permissions.