The code I am giving you:
solidity
function decimals() external view override returns (uint8) {
    return ERC20DetailedStorage.layout().decimals();
}

You need to answer like this:

This code defines an external view function named decimals, which is designed to return the number of decimals used by the ERC20 token. This function is part of the ERC20 token standard, which is commonly used in Ethereum smart contracts to represent fungible tokens.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function decimals() is declared as external, meaning it can only be called from outside the contract. It is also marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain but only reads data. The override keyword suggests that this function is overriding a function with the same name from a base contract or interface, likely the IERC20 interface.

2. Return Type: The function returns a uint8 value, which is an 8bit unsigned integer. This value represents the number of decimals for the token. For example, a value of 18 is common for many ERC20 tokens, indicating that the smallest unit of the token is 10^18 of the token.

3. Function Body: The body of the function consists of a single line of code:
   solidity
   return ERC20DetailedStorage.layout().decimals();
   
   This line retrieves the number of decimals from the ERC20DetailedStorage contract. The ERC20DetailedStorage.layout() call likely returns a struct or an instance of a storage layout that contains the decimals function. The decimals() function is then called on this returned object to get the actual number of decimals.

4. Storage Access: The ERC20DetailedStorage contract is presumably a storage contract that holds the details of the ERC20 token, including the number of decimals. Accessing this storage contract ensures that the function retrieves the correct and uptodate value for the number of decimals.

In summary, the decimals function provides a way for external callers to query the number of decimals used by the ERC20 token. This information is crucial for correctly interpreting token amounts and performing calculations involving the token's value.