The code I am giving you:
solidity
function _transfer(address sender, address recipient, uint256 amount) internal virtual {
    require(sender != address(0), "ERC20: transfer from the zero address");
    require(recipient != address(0), "ERC20: transfer to the zero address");

    _beforeTokenTransfer(sender, recipient, amount);

    _balances[sender] = _balances[sender].sub(amount, "ERC20: transfer amount exceeds balance");
    _balances[recipient] = _balances[recipient].add(amount);
    emit Transfer(sender, recipient, amount);
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines an internal function named _transfer, which is a standard method for transferring tokens in the ERC20 token standard. This function is typically used to move tokens from one account to another within the smart contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Input Parameters:
    sender: The address from which the tokens are being transferred.
    recipient: The address to which the tokens are being transferred.
    amount: The amount of tokens to be transferred.

2. Preconditions:
    The function first checks that the sender is not the zero address (address(0)). This is to prevent transfers from a nonexistent account, which could be a potential security risk or error.
    Similarly, it checks that the recipient is not the zero address. This is to prevent tokens from being burned unintentionally by sending them to an address that does not exist.

3. Hook Execution:
    The function calls _beforeTokenTransfer(sender, recipient, amount). This is a hook that can be overridden in derived contracts to add additional logic before the token transfer occurs. This could include checks or state changes that need to happen before the transfer.

4. Balance Adjustments:
    The function then adjusts the balances of the sender and recipient. It subtracts the amount from the sender's balance using the sub function, which also checks that the sender has enough balance to cover the transfer. If the sender does not have enough balance, the function will revert with the message "ERC20: transfer amount exceeds balance".
    It adds the amount to the recipient's balance using the add function.

5. Event Emission:
    Finally, the function emits a Transfer event with the sender, recipient, and amount as parameters. This event is used to notify external applications and services that a token transfer has occurred, which is essential for tracking token movements and updating user interfaces.

This function is critical for the functionality of an ERC20 token as it handles the core logic of transferring tokens between accounts. The use of preconditions and balance adjustments ensures that the transfer is valid and that the state of the token balances is correctly updated.