The code I am giving you:
solidity
function totalSupply() external view returns (uint256);

/
  @dev Returns the amount of tokens owned by account.
 /
function balanceOf(address account) external view returns (uint256);

/
  @dev Moves amount tokens from the caller's account to recipient.
 
  Returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation succeeded.
 
  Emits a {Transfer} event.
 /
function transfer(address recipient, uint256 amount) external returns (bool);


You need to answer like this:
This code defines three external functions for a token contract, which are commonly found in ERC20 token standards. Here’s a detailed explanation of how these functions work:

1. totalSupply():
    Purpose: This function returns the total supply of tokens in the contract.
    Visibility: It is marked as external, meaning it can only be called from outside the contract.
    State Mutability: It is marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without any transaction fees.
    Return Value: It returns a uint256 value representing the total number of tokens in existence.

2. balanceOf(address account):
    Purpose: This function returns the balance of tokens held by a specific account.
    Parameters: It takes one parameter, account, which is the address of the account whose balance is being queried.
    Visibility: It is marked as external.
    State Mutability: It is marked as view.
    Return Value: It returns a uint256 value representing the number of tokens held by the specified account.

3. transfer(address recipient, uint256 amount):
    Purpose: This function transfers a specified amount of tokens from the caller's account to a recipient's account.
    Parameters: It takes two parameters:
      recipient: The address of the account to which the tokens will be transferred.
      amount: The number of tokens to be transferred.
    Visibility: It is marked as external.
    State Mutability: It is not marked as view, indicating that it modifies the state of the blockchain and requires a transaction.
    Return Value: It returns a bool value indicating whether the transfer was successful.
    Events: It emits a Transfer event, which is a standard event in ERC20 tokens. This event logs the transfer, including the sender's address, the recipient's address, and the amount transferred.

These functions are fundamental for the basic functionality of a token contract, allowing users to query the total supply, check balances, and transfer tokens between accounts.