This code defines an internal pure function named toString, which converts a given uint256 value into its string representation. The function is designed to handle the conversion efficiently and is inspired by OraclizeAPI's implementation.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
   solidity
   function toString(uint256 value) internal pure returns (string memory)
   
    Parameters: The function takes a single parameter value of type uint256, which is the number to be converted to a string.
    Returns: It returns a string memory, which is the string representation of the input number.
    Visibility and Mutability: The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it. It is also marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

2. Edge Case Handling:
   solidity
   if (value == 0) {
       return "0";
   }
   
    If the input value is 0, the function immediately returns the string "0". This handles the edge case where the input is zero, avoiding unnecessary computation.

3. Counting Digits:
   solidity
   uint256 temp = value;
   uint256 digits;
   while (temp != 0) {
       digits++;
       temp /= 10;
   }
   
    A temporary variable temp is initialized with the input value.
    A digits variable is used to count the number of digits in the input value.
    A while loop iterates as long as temp is not zero. In each iteration, the number of digits is incremented, and temp is divided by 10 to remove the last digit.

4. Creating the Buffer:
   solidity
   bytes memory buffer = new bytes(digits);
   
    A bytes array named buffer is created with a length equal to the number of digits. This array will store the characters of the resulting string.

5. Filling the Buffer:
   solidity
   while (value != 0) {
       digits = 1;
       buffer[digits] = bytes1(uint8(48 + uint256(value % 10)));
       value /= 10;
   }
   
    Another while loop iterates as long as value is not zero.
    In each iteration, the digits counter is decremented to point to the correct position in the buffer.
    The last digit of value is computed using value % 10, and its ASCII representation is obtained by adding 48 (the ASCII value of '0').
    This character is then assigned to the buffer at the current position.
    value is divided by 10 to remove the last digit.

6. Returning the Result:
   solidity
   return string(buffer);
   
    Finally, the buffer is converted to a string and returned.

This function efficiently converts a uint256 value to its string representation by counting the digits, creating a buffer of the appropriate size, and filling the buffer with the characters in reverse order. The use of pure ensures that the function does not interact with the blockchain state, making it safe and efficient for onchain computations.