The code I am giving you:
solidity
function totalSupply() external view returns (uint256);

/
  @dev Returns the amount of tokens owned by account.
 /
function balanceOf(address account) external view returns (uint256);

/
  @dev Moves amount tokens from the caller's account to to.
 
  Returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation succeeded.
 
  Emits a {Transfer} event.
 /
function transfer(address to, uint256 amount) external returns (bool);


You need to answer like this:
This code defines three external functions for a token contract, which are commonly found in ERC20 token standards.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how these functions work:

1. totalSupply():
    This function is a view function, meaning it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without incurring gas fees.
    It returns the total supply of tokens currently in circulation. This value is typically set during the deployment of the contract and can be increased or decreased through minting or burning functions, respectively.

2. balanceOf(address account):
    This function is also a view function.
    It takes an address parameter, account, and returns the balance of tokens held by that account.
    This function is essential for checking the token balance of any address on the blockchain.

3. transfer(address to, uint256 amount):
    This function is not a view function; it modifies the state of the blockchain and thus requires gas to execute.
    It takes two parameters: to, the address to which the tokens are to be transferred, and amount, the number of tokens to transfer.
    The function transfers amount tokens from the caller's account (i.e., msg.sender) to the to address.
    It returns a boolean value indicating whether the transfer was successful.
    This function also emits a Transfer event, which logs the transfer details (from, to, and amount) on the blockchain. This event is crucial for offchain applications and services to track token movements.

These functions are fundamental for the basic functionality of an ERC20 token, allowing users to query token supply and balances, as well as transfer tokens between accounts.