The code I am giving you:
solidity
function increaseAllowance(
    address spender,
    uint256 addedValue
)
    public
    returns (bool)
{
    require(spender != address(0));

    _allowed[msg.sender][spender] = (
    _allowed[msg.sender][spender].add(addedValue));
    emit Approval(msg.sender, spender, _allowed[msg.sender][spender]);
    return true;
}


You need to answer like this:

This code defines a public function named increaseAllowance, which allows the caller to increase the allowance of a specified spender. The function takes two parameters: spender, which is the address of the account that is being granted additional spending rights, and addedValue, which is the amount by which the allowance should be increased.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Parameter Validation: The function begins by checking that the spender address is not the zero address (address(0)). This is a common security measure to prevent operations with the zero address, which is often used as a placeholder for invalid or nonexistent addresses.

2. Updating Allowance: The function then updates the allowance for the spender by adding the addedValue to the current allowance. This is done by accessing the _allowed mapping, which stores the allowances for each ownerspender pair. The msg.sender represents the caller of the function, and spender is the address whose allowance is being increased. The .add function is used to perform the addition, which is a safe arithmetic operation to prevent overflows.

3. Event Emission: After updating the allowance, the function emits an Approval event. This event is typically used to notify external observers (such as offchain monitoring systems or user interfaces) that the allowance has been changed. The event includes the owner (msg.sender), the spender (spender), and the new allowance value.

4. Return Value: Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the operation was successful.

This function is a standard part of many ERC20 token contracts, allowing token holders to manage their allowances for other accounts. It is crucial for scenarios where one account wants to authorize another account to spend tokens on its behalf, such as in decentralized exchanges or other tokenbased applications.