The code I am giving you:
solidity
function balanceOf(address account) public view override returns (uint256) {
    return _balances[account];
}

You need to answer like this:
This code defines a public view function named balanceOf, which is used to retrieve the token balance of a specific account.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function balanceOf takes a single parameter, account, which is of type address. This parameter specifies the Ethereum address of the account whose token balance is being queried.

2. Access Modifier: The function is marked as public, which means it can be called both externally by users and internally by other functions within the contract. Additionally, it is marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain but only reads data. This allows the function to be called without requiring a transaction, thus no gas fees are incurred.

3. Override Keyword: The override keyword is used to indicate that this function overrides a function with the same signature from a base contract or interface. This is common in token contracts that implement standards like ERC20, where balanceOf is a required function.

4. Function Body: The function body consists of a single line of code: return _balances[account];. Here, _balances is assumed to be a state variable of type mapping(address => uint256), which maps Ethereum addresses to their respective token balances. The function simply returns the balance associated with the given account address by looking it up in the _balances mapping.

5. Return Value: The function returns a uint256 value, which represents the token balance of the specified account. This value is retrieved directly from the _balances mapping.

In summary, the balanceOf function provides a straightforward way to query the token balance of any account by accessing the _balances mapping. This function is essential for users and other contracts to verify the token holdings of an address without altering the state of the blockchain.