This code defines two internal functions, _implementation and _fallback, which are commonly used in proxybased smart contract systems, particularly in implementations like the OpenZeppelin's Proxy contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how these functions work:

1. _implementation Function:
   solidity
   function _implementation() internal view virtual returns (address);
   
    This function is declared as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the contract or its derived contracts.
    It is also marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and only reads data.
    The function is virtual, allowing it to be overridden by derived contracts to provide a specific implementation address.
    The purpose of this function is to return the address of the actual implementation contract that the proxy delegates calls to. This is crucial in proxy patterns where the proxy contract holds the state and delegates function calls to an implementation contract that contains the logic.

2. _fallback Function:
   solidity
   function _fallback() internal virtual {
       _beforeFallback();
       _delegate(_implementation());
   }
   
    This function is also declared as internal and virtual.
    The function does not take any parameters and does not return any values.
    It first calls _beforeFallback(), which is a hook function that can be overridden in derived contracts to execute custom logic before the fallback mechanism is triggered. This is useful for adding additional checks or logging.
    After executing _beforeFallback(), it calls _delegate(_implementation()). The _delegate function is typically a lowlevel function that performs the actual delegation of the call to the implementation contract. This involves forwarding the call data and handling the return values or reverts.
    The _delegate function essentially makes an EVM call to the implementation contract, executing the function that was originally intended for the proxy contract. This is how the proxy pattern allows for upgradable contracts, as the logic can be updated by changing the implementation contract address.

In summary, the _implementation function provides the address of the logic contract, and the _fallback function ensures that any calls to the proxy contract that do not match a defined function are forwarded to the logic contract. This mechanism is fundamental in proxybased upgradable smart contract architectures.