This code defines an internal function named toInt80, which is used to safely cast an int256 value to an int80 value. The function ensures that the downcast does not result in a loss of data, which could lead to unexpected behavior in the smart contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    function toInt80(int256 value) internal pure returns (int80 downcasted): This line declares the function toInt80 which takes an int256 parameter named value. The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it. The pure keyword indicates that the function does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain. It returns an int80 value named downcasted.

2. Downcasting:
    downcasted = int80(value);: This line performs the downcasting operation. It converts the int256 value to an int80 value and assigns it to the variable downcasted.

3. Validation:
    require(downcasted == value, "SafeCast: value doesn't fit in 80 bits");: This line checks if the downcasted value is equal to the original value. If they are not equal, it means that the original int256 value cannot be accurately represented as an int80 value without losing data. In such a case, the function will revert the transaction with the error message "SafeCast: value doesn't fit in 80 bits". This ensures that the downcasting operation is safe and does not lead to unexpected behavior due to data loss.

### Summary
The toInt80 function is a utility function designed to safely downcast an int256 value to an int80 value. It ensures that the downcasting operation does not result in data loss by validating that the downcasted value matches the original value. If the validation fails, the function reverts the transaction to prevent potential issues caused by data loss. This function is particularly useful in scenarios where precision is critical, and unexpected behavior due to data loss needs to be avoided.