The code I am giving you:
solidity
function mul(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
    if (a == 0) {
        return 0;
    }

    uint256 c = a  b;
    require(c / a == b, "SafeMath: multiplication overflow");

    return c;
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines an internal function named mul, which performs a multiplication operation on two unsigned integers (uint256) and returns the result. The function is designed to prevent overflow errors, which can occur when the result of the multiplication exceeds the maximum value that can be stored in a uint256 variable.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function mul takes two parameters, a and b, both of type uint256. It is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts that inherit from it. The pure keyword indicates that the function does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

2. Zero Check: The function first checks if a is equal to 0. If a is 0, the function immediately returns 0, as the result of any number multiplied by 0 is always 0. This check is a gas optimization, as it avoids unnecessary multiplication and overflow checks.

3. Multiplication: If a is not 0, the function proceeds to multiply a and b, storing the result in a variable c.

4. Overflow Check: After performing the multiplication, the function checks for overflow by verifying that c / a equals b. This check works because if there was an overflow, the result of c / a would not equal b. The require statement is used to ensure that this condition holds true. If the condition fails, the function reverts with the error message "SafeMath: multiplication overflow". This prevents the contract from proceeding with an incorrect or unsafe result.

5. Return Value: If the overflow check passes, the function returns the result c.

This function is a part of the SafeMath library, which is commonly used in Solidity to prevent integer overflow and underflow vulnerabilities. By using this function, developers can ensure that their smart contracts handle arithmetic operations safely and reliably.