The code I am giving you:
solidity
function sub(uint256 a, uint256 b) internal pure returns (uint256) {
    assert(b <= a);
    return a  b;
}

You need to answer like this:

This code defines an internal function named sub, which takes two unsigned integer parameters a and b, and returns an unsigned integer. The function is marked as pure, indicating that it does not read from or modify the state of the blockchain.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function sub is declared with the keyword internal, meaning it can only be called from within the current contract or contracts deriving from it. The pure keyword ensures that the function does not interact with the blockchain's state, such as reading or writing to storage, or accessing account balances.

2. Parameter Validation: The function begins by using the assert function to check if b is less than or equal to a. The assert function in Solidity is used to check for conditions that should never be false. If the condition b <= a is not met, the function will throw an exception, reverting any changes made to the state during the execution of the function. This is crucial for preventing underflow errors, where subtracting a larger number from a smaller number would result in an incorrect (and potentially dangerous) value.

3. Return Value: If the assertion passes, the function proceeds to return the result of the subtraction a  b. Since both a and b are of type uint256, the result of the subtraction will also be a uint256, ensuring that the result is always a valid unsigned integer.

4. Security Considerations: The use of assert here is appropriate for enforcing invariants within the function. However, it's important to note that assert should be used sparingly and primarily for conditions that indicate a critical failure in the logic of the contract, as it consumes all gas available when it fails. For conditions that are expected to occur under normal circumstances, require might be more suitable.

In summary, the sub function provides a safe way to subtract two unsigned integers in Solidity by ensuring that the operation does not result in an underflow, which could lead to unexpected behavior or vulnerabilities in the contract.