This code defines an external view function named allowance, which is used to check the amount of tokens that an spender is allowed to spend on behalf of the owner.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
   solidity
   function allowance(address owner, address spender) external view returns (uint256);
   
    allowance is the name of the function.
    It takes two parameters: owner (the address of the token owner) and spender (the address of the spender).
    It is marked as external, meaning it can only be called from outside the contract.
    It is also marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the blockchain and can be called without any transaction fees.
    It returns a uint256 value, which represents the allowance of the spender over the owner's tokens.

2. Function Purpose:
    The primary purpose of this function is to provide a way for anyone to query the allowance granted to a spender by an owner. This is particularly useful for checking if a spender has the necessary permissions to transfer tokens on behalf of the owner.

3. Implementation Details:
    The function typically accesses a state variable that stores the allowances. This state variable is usually a mapping that maps the owner's address to another mapping of spender's address to the allowance amount.
    For example, the state variable might look like this:
     solidity
     mapping(address => mapping(address => uint256)) private _allowances;
     
    The function would then return the value from this mapping:
     solidity
     return _allowances[owner][spender];
     

4. Security Considerations:
    The function itself is a readonly function and does not pose any direct security risks. However, it is important to ensure that the state variable it accesses is correctly managed and updated by other functions that modify allowances, such as the approve function.
    As mentioned in the comment, changing an allowance can lead to a race condition where someone might use both the old and new allowance if transactions are not ordered properly. To mitigate this risk, it is recommended to first reduce the spender's allowance to 0 and then set the desired value.

5. Event Emitted:
    The comment mentions an event {Approval}. This event is typically emitted by the approve function when an allowance is set or changed. The event includes the owner's address, the spender's address, and the new allowance amount. This allows for easy tracking of changes to allowances on the blockchain.

In summary, the allowance function provides a crucial functionality for checking the allowance of a spender over an owner's tokens, which is essential for token transfer authorization in ERC20 token contracts.