The code I am giving you:
solidity
function allowance(
    address _owner,
    address _spender
) public view returns (uint256) {
    return allowed[_owner][_spender];
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a public view function named allowance, which is commonly used in token contracts to check the amount of tokens that a spender is allowed to transfer on behalf of an owner.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature: The function allowance takes two parameters:
    address _owner: This is the address of the token owner who has allowed another address to spend their tokens.
    address _spender: This is the address of the spender who has been granted permission to transfer tokens on behalf of the owner.

2. Visibility and Mutability: The function is marked as public, which means it can be called both externally by users and internally by other functions within the contract. It is also marked as view, indicating that it does not modify the state of the contract and can be called without incurring any gas fees.

3. Return Value: The function returns a uint256 value, which represents the amount of tokens that the spender is allowed to transfer from the owner's balance.

4. State Variable Access: The function accesses the state variable allowed[_owner][_spender]. The allowed variable is a mapping that stores the allowance information. It is structured as a nested mapping:
    The first key is the owner's address (_owner).
    The second key is the spender's address (_spender).
    The value stored in this mapping is the allowance amount.

5. Usage: This function is typically used by token transfer functions to verify if a transfer is allowed. For example, before executing a transfer from one address to another, the contract can call allowance to ensure that the spender has been granted sufficient allowance by the owner.

6. Security Considerations: While this function itself does not have any direct vulnerabilities, it is part of a broader system that includes functions like approve and transferFrom. Proper implementation of these functions is crucial to prevent issues such as the "frontrunning" attack, where a malicious actor can intercept and modify an approval transaction to increase their allowance.

In summary, the allowance function provides a way to check the approved token transfer amount between an owner and a spender, ensuring that transfers are executed only with the owner's consent.