This code defines a smart contract named HODLWallet, which is designed to manage token balances and facilitate controlled withdrawals. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint256) public balances;: This mapping stores the balance of each address. The key is the address of the user, and the value is the amount of tokens they hold.
    uint256 public constant MAX_WITHDRAWAL = 0.002  1000000000000000000;: This constant defines the maximum amount that can be withdrawn in a single transaction. The value 0.002  1000000000000000000 is equivalent to 0.002 Ether in Wei (the smallest unit of Ether).
    address public owner;: This variable stores the address of the contract owner.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner() { require(msg.sender == owner); _; }: This modifier ensures that only the owner of the contract can execute functions that use this modifier. It checks if the msg.sender (the address that initiated the transaction) is the same as the owner. If the condition is met, the function execution continues; otherwise, it reverts the transaction.

3. Functions:
    function doWithdraw(address from, uint256 amount) internal onlyOwner { ... }: This internal function allows the owner to withdraw a specified amount of tokens from a given address. The function has the following steps:
      require(amount <= MAX_WITHDRAWAL);: This check ensures that the requested withdrawal amount does not exceed the maximum allowed withdrawal amount.
      require(balances[from] >= amount);: This check ensures that the address from which the tokens are being withdrawn has a sufficient balance.
      balances[from] = balances[from]  amount;: This line deducts the withdrawn amount from the balance of the specified address.
      from.call.value(amount)();: This line sends the specified amount of Ether to the from address. The call.value() function is used to send Ether, and it is executed in the context of the from address.

Summary:
The HODLWallet contract manages token balances and allows the owner to withdraw tokens from any address, subject to a maximum withdrawal limit. The doWithdraw function ensures that withdrawals are within the allowed limit and that the address has sufficient funds before executing the withdrawal. The onlyOwner modifier ensures that only the contract owner can perform this action.