This code defines a smart contract named PrivateBank, which includes functionalities for managing balances and allowing the owner to withdraw funds. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables and Mapping:
    mapping (address => uint) public balances;
      This line declares a public state variable balances which is a mapping that associates Ethereum addresses with unsigned integer values. Each address in this mapping represents an account, and the associated value represents the balance of that account.
    address owner;
      This line declares a state variable owner which stores the address of the contract owner.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner() {
      This line defines a modifier named onlyOwner. Modifiers are used to change the behavior of functions in a declarative way.
      require(msg.sender == owner);
        This line checks if the message sender (msg.sender) is the same as the owner of the contract. If the condition is not met, the function execution is reverted.
      _;
        This placeholder _; is where the function body will be inserted when the modifier is used. It indicates that the function should proceed with its execution if the condition in the modifier is satisfied.

3. Functions:
    function CashOut(uint _am) onlyOwner {
      This line defines a function named CashOut which takes one parameter _am of type uint (unsigned integer). The function is restricted to be called only by the owner of the contract, as indicated by the onlyOwner modifier.
      if(_am <= balances[msg.sender]) {
        This line checks if the amount _am to be withdrawn is less than or equal to the balance of the message sender. If the condition is not met, the function execution stops here.
      if(msg.sender.call.value(_am)()){
        This line is used to send Ether from the contract to the message sender. The call.value(_am)() function sends the specified amount of Ether (_am) to the message sender. This function returns a boolean indicating whether the transfer was successful.
        Note: This line is vulnerable to reentrancy attacks. A safer alternative would be to use transfer or send methods, or to update the balance before making the transfer.
      balances[msg.sender] = _am;
        If the transfer is successful, this line deducts the withdrawn amount _am from the balance of the message sender.

Summary:
The PrivateBank contract allows the owner to withdraw funds from their balance. The contract maintains a mapping of account balances and includes a modifier to restrict certain functions to the owner only. The CashOut function checks if the requested withdrawal amount is available in the sender's balance and then attempts to send the specified amount of Ether to the sender. However, the use of call.value(_am)() in this context is not recommended due to potential security vulnerabilities, particularly reentrancy attacks.