This code defines a smart contract named PullPaymentCapable, which includes a mapping to store payments associated with addresses and a function to withdraw these payments. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint256) private payments;: This line declares a private state variable payments which maps addresses to unsigned integers (uint256). This mapping is used to store the amount of payments that each address can withdraw. The private keyword means that this mapping can only be accessed within this contract and not from outside or through inherited contracts.

2. Function withdrawPayments:
    function withdrawPayments() external returns (bool success) {: This line declares an external function named withdrawPayments that returns a boolean indicating the success of the operation. The external keyword means this function can be called from outside the contract (e.g., by users or other contracts).

    uint256 payment = payments[msg.sender];: This line retrieves the payment amount associated with the address of the caller (msg.sender) from the payments mapping and stores it in a local variable payment.

    payments[msg.sender] = 0;: This line sets the payment amount for msg.sender to zero, effectively clearing the balance that was just retrieved. This is done before sending the payment to prevent reentrancy attacks.

    if (!msg.sender.call.value(payment)()) { throw; }: This line sends the payment amount (payment) to the caller (msg.sender) using the lowlevel call function with the value method to send Ether. The call function is used here to send Ether along with possibly executing code at the recipient's address. If the call fails (e.g., due to an outofgas error or the recipient contract does not have a payable fallback function), the throw statement is executed, which reverts all state changes made so far in this function call.

    success = true;: If the payment is successfully sent, this line sets the function's return value success to true, indicating that the withdrawal was successful.

Security Consideration:
 The use of throw for error handling is outdated. In modern Solidity, one should use revert(), require(), or assert() for error handling.
 The function uses a lowlevel call to send Ether, which is susceptible to reentrancy attacks. A more secure approach would be to use the transfer method or implement reentrancy guards (like the mutex pattern or using OpenZeppelin's ReentrancyGuard).

This contract essentially allows users to withdraw their accumulated payments by calling the withdrawPayments function, which sends them their balance in Ether and then resets their balance to zero.