This code defines a smart contract named PreICOProxyBuyer, which is designed to manage balances of investors during a preICO phase and handle refunds. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This mapping keeps track of the balances of each investor. The key is the investor's address, and the value is the amount of tokens or ether they have invested.
    bool refunded = true;: This boolean variable indicates whether a refund has been processed. The initial value is set to true.
    address investor = msg.sender;: This variable stores the address of the investor. It is initialized to the address of the caller (msg.sender).
    address owner;: This variable stores the address of the contract owner.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner() { require(msg.sender == owner); _; }: This modifier ensures that only the owner of the contract can execute certain functions. It checks if the caller's address (msg.sender) matches the owner's address. If the condition is not met, the execution is reverted.

3. Functions:
    function refund() onlyOwner: This function is used to refund the invested amount to the investor. It is restricted to be called only by the owner of the contract due to the onlyOwner modifier.
      The function first checks if the balance of the investor is zero using if(balances[investor] == 0) throw;. If the balance is zero, it throws an exception, which reverts the transaction.
      If the balance is not zero, it proceeds to refund the investor. It retrieves the amount to be refunded using uint amount = balances[investor];.
      It then sets the investor's balance to zero using balances[investor] = 0;.
      Finally, it sends the refund amount to the investor using if(!(investor.call.value(amount)())) throw;. This line uses the call function to send ether to the investor's address. If the call fails (e.g., if the investor's address is not payable), it throws an exception, which reverts the transaction.

Summary:
The PreICOProxyBuyer contract manages investor balances during a preICO phase and allows the owner to refund investors. The refund function ensures that only the owner can initiate a refund, checks if the investor has a nonzero balance, and sends the refund amount to the investor's address. If any step fails, the transaction is reverted to maintain the integrity of the contract's state.