This code defines a smart contract named CoinDashBuyer, which includes a public variable bounty and a public variable sale, both of which are used to manage the contract's state. The contract also includes a function named claim_bounty, which is used to transfer the contract's balance minus the bounty to the address stored in the sale variable.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    uint256 public bounty = 1;: This line declares a public state variable bounty of type uint256 (unsigned integer of 256 bits) and initializes it with the value 1. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this variable, allowing external contracts and accounts to read its value.
    address public sale;: This line declares a public state variable sale of type address. This variable is intended to store the address of another contract or an external account. Similar to bounty, the public keyword generates a getter function for sale.

2. Function claim_bounty:
    function claim_bounty(): This line defines a public function named claim_bounty. This function does not take any parameters and does not specify a return type, meaning it does not return any value.
    if(!sale.call.value(this.balance  bounty)()) throw;: This line is the core of the claim_bounty function. It performs the following operations:
      this.balance  bounty: This expression calculates the amount of Ether (in wei) that the contract should transfer. It subtracts the value of bounty from the current balance of the contract (this.balance).
      sale.call.value(...)(): This part of the code uses the call function to send Ether to the address stored in the sale variable. The value(...) part specifies the amount of Ether to send, which is the result of the subtraction performed earlier. The call function is used here to send Ether and potentially execute code at the recipient address if it is a contract.
      if(!...) throw;: This line checks if the call operation was successful. If the call fails (e.g., if the recipient is a contract that does not accept Ether, or if there are insufficient funds), the function execution is reverted with a throw statement. In newer versions of Solidity, throw is replaced with revert(), require(), or assert().

Security Considerations:
 The use of call.value() is generally discouraged due to potential reentrancy issues. It is recommended to use transfer() or send() instead, which limit the amount of gas forwarded to the recipient, mitigating reentrancy attacks.
 The contract does not handle the case where sale is not set to a valid address, which could lead to loss of funds if claim_bounty is called without setting sale.

Summary:
The CoinDashBuyer contract manages a bounty and a sale address, allowing the contract owner to claim the bounty by sending the remaining balance to the specified sale address. The function claim_bounty is designed to perform this operation, but it should be reviewed for security best practices, especially regarding the handling of Ether transfers.