This code defines a smart contract named PreICOProxyBuyer, which manages the balances of investors and allows them to request refunds. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This line declares a public state variable balances which is a mapping that associates Ethereum addresses with unsigned integer values. This mapping is used to store the balance of each investor.
    address investor = msg.sender;: This line declares a state variable investor and initializes it with the address of the message sender (msg.sender). This variable is used to track the address of the investor interacting with the contract.

2. Function refund():
    Function Declaration:
     solidity
     function refund()
     
     This line declares a function named refund which does not take any parameters and does not return any values.

    Condition Check:
     solidity
     if(balances[investor] == 0) throw;
     
     This line checks if the balance of the investor (balances[investor]) is zero. If it is, the function throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made so far in the transaction and stops further execution.

    Retrieve Balance:
     solidity
     uint amount = balances[investor];
     
     This line declares a local variable amount and assigns it the value of the investor's balance from the balances mapping.

    Delete Balance:
     solidity
     delete balances[investor];
     
     This line deletes the entry for the investor in the balances mapping, effectively setting their balance to zero.

    Send Ether:
     solidity
     if(!(investor.call.value(amount)())) throw;
     
     This line uses the call function to send Ether to the investor. The call.value(amount)() function sends the specified amount of Ether to the investor address. The ! operator checks if the call was unsuccessful (i.e., if it returns false). If the call fails, the function throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made so far in the transaction and stops further execution.

Summary:
The PreICOProxyBuyer contract maintains a mapping of investor balances and provides a refund function that allows investors to request a refund of their balance. The function checks if the investor has a nonzero balance, retrieves the balance, deletes the balance entry, and sends the corresponding amount of Ether back to the investor. If any step fails, the function throws an exception to revert the state changes and ensure the contract remains in a consistent state.