This code defines a Solidity smart contract named FunFairSale, which includes state variables and a function to handle withdrawals. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    uint public deadline = 1499436000;: This line declares a public unsigned integer variable named deadline and initializes it with the value 1499436000. This value represents a specific point in time, likely in Unix timestamp format, which is used to determine if the withdrawal functionality is still available.
    address public owner;: This line declares a public address variable named owner. This variable is intended to store the address of the contract owner, who will have the ability to withdraw funds from the contract.

2. Function withdraw:
    The withdraw function is a public function that does not return any value. It is responsible for handling the withdrawal of funds from the contract.
    The function begins with two conditional checks:
      if (block.timestamp < deadline) throw;: This line checks if the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is less than the deadline. If this condition is true, it means the withdrawal period has not yet started or has expired, and the function execution is aborted using the throw statement. This statement causes the entire transaction to revert, and any state changes or Ether transfers are undone.
      if (!owner.call.value(this.balance)()) throw;: This line attempts to send the entire balance of the contract (this.balance) to the owner address using the call function with the .value() method. The call function is used here to send Ether and execute code at the owner address. If this call fails (e.g., if the owner address does not have a fallback function that can receive Ether), the function execution is aborted using the throw statement.

Summary:
The FunFairSale contract is designed to allow the owner to withdraw the contract's balance, but only if the current block timestamp is after the specified deadline. The use of throw ensures that any failed operation will revert the transaction, preventing unintended state changes or Ether transfers. This contract is a simple example of a timed withdrawal mechanism, where access to funds is restricted based on time.