This code defines a smart contract named SmartexInvoice which contains a function named advSend. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
   solidity
   function advSend(address _to, uint _value, bytes _data)
   
    advSend is a public function that takes three parameters:
      _to: an address type, representing the recipient's Ethereum address.
      _value: a uint type, representing the amount of Ether (in wei) to be sent.
      _data: a bytes type, representing additional data to be sent with the transaction.

2. Function Body:
   solidity
   _to.call.value(_value)(_data);
   
    This line uses the lowlevel call function to send Ether to the specified address _to.
    _to.call is a way to perform a lowlevel call to the address _to.
    .value(_value) is used to specify the amount of Ether (in wei) to be sent with the call.
    (_data) is the data payload to be sent with the call.

3. LowLevel Call:
    The call function is a lowlevel interface for sending Ether and executing code at the target address.
    It returns a boolean value indicating whether the call was successful or not. However, in this code, the return value of the call is not checked or used.
    This type of call is often used when the target address is expected to be a contract that can handle the incoming Ether and data.

4. Potential Risks:
    Reentrancy: Using lowlevel calls like call without proper safeguards can lead to reentrancy attacks, where the called contract can recursively call back into the calling contract before the initial call completes.
    Gas Limit: The amount of gas provided for the call is not specified, which means it will use the default gas limit. This can be problematic if the called contract requires more gas than is available.
    Error Handling: The return value of the call is not checked, so any errors that occur during the call will not be detected by the calling contract.

5. Usage:
    This function can be used to send Ether to any address, including contracts.
    The _data parameter allows for additional functionality, such as calling a function on a contract or passing arbitrary data.

In summary, the advSend function in the SmartexInvoice contract provides a way to send Ether and data to a specified address using a lowlevel call. However, it lacks error handling and proper safeguards against reentrancy, which are important considerations for secure smart contract development.