This code defines a smart contract named DecentrEx, which includes a mapping for tracking token balances and a function for withdrawing tokens. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Mapping for Token Balances:
   solidity
   mapping (address => mapping (address => uint)) public tokens;
   
    This line declares a public mapping named tokens. The mapping is nested, meaning it maps an address to another mapping. The outer mapping key is an address representing a token, and the inner mapping key is an address representing a user. The value is a uint representing the balance of the token held by the user.
    For example, tokens[tokenAddress][userAddress] would return the balance of tokenAddress tokens held by userAddress.

2. Withdraw Function:
   solidity
   function withdraw(uint amount) {
       if (tokens[0][msg.sender] < amount) throw;
       if (!msg.sender.call.value(amount)()) throw;
   }
   
    This function allows a user to withdraw a specified amount of tokens.
    Parameter:
      amount: A uint representing the amount of tokens the user wants to withdraw.
    Function Logic:
      The function first checks if the user has enough balance to withdraw the specified amount. It does this by checking tokens[0][msg.sender] < amount. Here, tokens[0][msg.sender] represents the balance of the default token (presumably Ether, as indicated by the address 0) for the user calling the function (msg.sender).
      If the user does not have enough balance, the function throws an error using the throw statement, which reverts the transaction and consumes all gas in older versions of Solidity.
      If the user has enough balance, the function proceeds to transfer the specified amount of tokens to the user. This is done using the lowlevel call function, which sends Ether to the user (msg.sender). The value(amount) part specifies the amount of Ether to send.
      If the transfer fails (e.g., if the call fails for any reason), the function throws an error using the throw statement.

Security Consideration:
 The use of call.value() is susceptible to reentrancy attacks. If the recipient of the Ether is a malicious contract that calls back into the withdraw function, it could potentially withdraw more tokens than intended. This is a classic example of a reentrancy vulnerability.
 It is recommended to use the transfer function instead of call.value() for sending Ether, as transfer limits the amount of gas forwarded, making reentrancy attacks more difficult. Alternatively, the contract should follow the "ChecksEffectsInteractions" pattern to prevent reentrancy.

Summary:
 The DecentrEx contract allows users to withdraw their token balances, specifically Ether in this case. It uses a nested mapping to track token balances and a function to handle withdrawals, but it has a potential security vulnerability related to reentrancy attacks.