This code defines a smart contract named NinjaToken, which includes functionalities for buying tokens and managing balances and commitments associated with token purchases. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => string) public commit;: This mapping associates each address with a string, which is intended to store a commitment related to the token purchase.
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This mapping keeps track of the token balances for each address.
    address public fundingAccount;: This variable stores the address of the funding account, which is likely the account that receives the funds from token purchases.

2. Function buy:
    This function allows users to buy tokens by sending Ether to the contract. It takes a single parameter _commit of type string, which represents the commitment associated with the token purchase.
    The function is marked as payable, which means it can receive Ether.
    Inside the function, the following steps occur:
      if(!fundingAccount.call.value(msg.value)()) throw;: This line sends the received Ether (msg.value) to the fundingAccount using the call method. The call method is used here to forward all gas to the receiving account, which is a potential security risk known as a reentrancy vulnerability. If the call fails, the function throws an exception.
      balances[fundingAccount] = msg.value;: This line decreases the balance of the fundingAccount by the amount of Ether received (msg.value). This assumes that the fundingAccount has an initial balance sufficient to cover this deduction, which is not explicitly checked in the code.
      commit[msg.sender] = _commit;: This line stores the commitment string associated with the token purchase in the commit mapping, keyed by the sender's address (msg.sender).

Security Considerations:
 The use of call.value() is generally discouraged due to its potential to expose the contract to reentrancy attacks. A safer approach would be to use transfer or send, or to implement reentrancy guards.
 The contract does not explicitly handle token issuance or distribution to the buyer, which might be an oversight or assumed to be handled elsewhere in the system.
 The contract assumes that the fundingAccount has sufficient balance to cover deductions, which is not validated within the function.

Summary:
The NinjaToken contract provides a basic framework for buying tokens with Ether and recording commitments associated with these purchases. However, it has significant security vulnerabilities, particularly related to the handling of Ether transfers, and lacks explicit handling of token issuance to the buyer.