This code defines a smart contract named NinjaToken, which includes several functionalities related to token management and purchase. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables and Mappings:
    mapping(address => string) public commit;: This mapping associates an Ethereum address with a string. The string could be used to store some form of commitment or message related to the address.
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This mapping keeps track of the token balances for each address.
    address public fundingAccount;: This variable stores the address of the funding account, which is likely the account that receives funds or tokens.
    address public owner;: This variable stores the address of the contract owner, who has special privileges such as executing certain functions.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner(): This modifier restricts the execution of certain functions to the contract owner. It checks if the msg.sender (the address that initiated the transaction) is the same as the owner. If the condition is not met, the function call is reverted.

3. Functions:
    function buy(string _commit) payable onlyOwner: This function allows the owner to buy tokens by sending Ether to the contract. It includes the onlyOwner modifier, meaning only the owner can execute this function.
      payable: This keyword allows the function to receive Ether.
      if(!fundingAccount.call.value(msg.value)()) throw;: This line sends the Ether received (msg.value) to the fundingAccount. The call.value() function is used to send Ether, and if the call fails, the transaction is reverted (throw).
      balances[fundingAccount] = msg.value;: This line deducts the amount of Ether sent (msg.value) from the balance of the fundingAccount.
      commit[msg.sender] = _commit;: This line stores the string _commit associated with the address of the sender (msg.sender).

Potential Issues and Improvements:
 Reentrancy Attack: The use of call.value() can be risky as it does not protect against reentrancy attacks. A safer approach would be to use transfer() or send() with caution or implement a reentrancy guard.
 Balance Update Order: The balance update (balances[fundingAccount] = msg.value;) should ideally be done before the Ether transfer to avoid potential issues if the transfer fails after the balance is updated.
 Error Handling: The use of throw is outdated. It is recommended to use revert(), require(), or assert() for better error handling and clarity.

Overall, the contract provides a basic framework for token purchase and management, but it should be reviewed and potentially improved for security and best practices.