This code defines a smart contract named Comission, which includes a state variable ledger to store an address and a function process to handle transactions.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. State Variable ledger:
    address public ledger; declares a public state variable ledger of type address. This variable is used to store the address of a ledger or another contract where the tax collected from transactions will be sent. Being public, it can be accessed by other contracts or externally by users.

2. Function process:
    function process(bytes32 _destination) payable returns (bool) { defines a payable function named process that takes one parameter _destination of type bytes32. The function is designed to handle transactions and returns a boolean value.
    payable keyword allows this function to receive Ether when it is called.

3. Calculating Tax:
    var tax = msg.value / 100; calculates the tax amount. msg.value is the amount of Ether sent to this function when it is called. The tax is calculated as 1% of the sent Ether (msg.value / 100).

4. Sending Tax to the Ledger:
    if (!ledger.call.value(tax)()) throw; uses the call method to send the calculated tax to the address stored in ledger. call.value(tax)() is a lowlevel function that sends Ether to the address ledger with the amount specified (tax). If the call fails (e.g., if the ledger address does not implement a payable fallback function), the function execution is aborted (throw), and any changes made so far are reverted.

5. Return Value:
    return true; returns true if the tax is successfully sent to the ledger. This indicates that the process function executed successfully without any errors.

Summary:
The Comission contract is designed to collect a 1% tax on any Ether sent to the process function. This tax is then forwarded to a predefined ledger address. The function ensures that if the tax cannot be sent to the ledger (due to a failure in the call), the entire transaction is reverted to prevent any loss of funds. This contract could be used in scenarios where a commission or tax needs to be collected and forwarded to a specific address during a transaction.