This code defines a Solidity smart contract named YesNo, which includes functionalities related to handling fees and token redemption. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    address public feeAccount;: This variable stores the address of the account that will receive the fees. It is declared as public, which means it can be accessed directly by other contracts or externally by users.
    uint public fee;: This variable stores the fee amount as an unsigned integer. Like feeAccount, it is also declared as public.

2. Function redeem(uint tokens):
    This function allows the redemption of tokens and handles the fee calculation and transfer.
    Parameters:
      uint tokens: The number of tokens to be redeemed.
    Function Body:
      uint abc = tokens  fee;: This line calculates the total fee amount by multiplying the number of tokens (tokens) by the fee rate (fee). The result is stored in the variable abc.
      if (!feeAccount.call.value(abc /(1 ether))()) throw;: This line performs a lowlevel call to transfer the calculated fee amount to the feeAccount. Here’s a breakdown of this line:
        feeAccount.call: This initiates a lowlevel CALL to the feeAccount address.
        .value(abc /(1 ether))(): This specifies the amount of Ether to send. The division by 1 ether converts the fee amount from wei (the smallest unit of Ether) to Ether.
        if (!... throw;: This checks if the call was unsuccessful (i.e., if the call returns false). If so, it throws an exception, which reverts the transaction.

Security Considerations:
 Reentrancy Guard: The use of lowlevel call without a reentrancy guard can make the contract vulnerable to reentrancy attacks. It is generally safer to use transfer or send or to implement a reentrancy guard pattern.
 Gas Limit: The lowlevel call can potentially fail if the gas limit is not sufficient or if the feeAccount is a contract that consumes a lot of gas in its fallback function.

Summary:
The YesNo contract manages a fee account and a fee rate, allowing users to redeem tokens while deducting a fee. The fee is calculated based on the number of tokens redeemed and sent to the designated fee account using a lowlevel call. This implementation should be reviewed for security best practices, especially concerning reentrancy and gas limits.