This code defines a smart contract named dumbDAO, which includes functionalities for managing balances and allowing the owner to withdraw funds. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables and Mapping:
    mapping (address => uint) public balances;: This line declares a public mapping named balances where each address is mapped to a uint value. This mapping is used to store the balance of each address.
    address owner;: This line declares a state variable owner of type address. This variable is used to store the address of the contract owner.

2. Modifier:
    modifier onlyOwner() {: This line defines a modifier named onlyOwner. Modifiers are used to change the behavior of functions in a declarative way.
      require(msg.sender == owner);: This line checks if the msg.sender (the address that called the function) is the same as the owner. If not, the function execution is stopped, and the transaction is reverted.
      _;: This symbol represents the rest of the function that the modifier is applied to. It ensures that the function code is executed only if the require condition is met.

3. Function:
    function withdraw(address _recipient) onlyOwner returns (bool) {: This line defines a function named withdraw that takes an address parameter _recipient and returns a bool. The onlyOwner modifier is applied to this function, meaning it can only be executed by the owner of the contract.
      if (balances[msg.sender] == 0){ throw; }: This line checks if the balance of the msg.sender is zero. If it is, the function execution is stopped, and the transaction is reverted.
      if (_recipient.call.value(balances[msg.sender])()) {: This line uses the call method to send Ether to the _recipient address. The value function is used to specify the amount of Ether to send, which is the balance of the msg.sender. If the call is successful, the function proceeds; otherwise, it reverts.
      balances[msg.sender] = 0;: This line sets the balance of the msg.sender to zero after the funds have been successfully sent.
      return true;: This line returns true to indicate that the withdrawal was successful.

Summary:
The dumbDAO contract allows the owner to withdraw funds from their balance to a specified recipient address. The contract uses a mapping to keep track of balances and a modifier to ensure that only the owner can execute the withdraw function. The function checks if the owner has a nonzero balance, attempts to send the balance amount to the recipient, and resets the owner's balance to zero if the transfer is successful.