This code defines a smart contract named HODLWallet, which includes a mapping to store balances of different addresses and a function to perform withdrawals. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Mapping for Balances:
    mapping(address => uint256) public balances;
    This line declares a public mapping named balances. The mapping associates Ethereum addresses with their respective balances, represented as unsigned integers (uint256). The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for the mapping, allowing external contracts and accounts to query the balance of any address.

2. Internal Withdrawal Function:
    function doWithdraw(address from, uint256 amount) internal {
    This line defines an internal function named doWithdraw that takes two parameters: an address (from) and an amount (uint256). The internal keyword means this function can only be called from within this contract or contracts that inherit from it.

3. Requirement Checks:
    require(amount <= 0.002  1000000000000000000);
    This line checks if the withdrawal amount does not exceed 0.002 Ether (considering the multiplication by 1000000000000000000 to convert from Ether to Wei, the smallest unit of Ether). If the amount is greater than this limit, the transaction is reverted.
    require(balances[from] >= amount);
    This line checks if the balance of the from address is sufficient to cover the withdrawal amount. If the balance is less than the amount, the transaction is reverted.

4. Ether Transfer:
    from.call.value(amount)();
    This line uses the lowlevel call function to send Ether from the contract to the from address. The value(amount) part specifies the amount of Ether to send in Wei. This method is used for its flexibility but can be risky due to potential reentrancy issues if not handled properly.

5. Updating the Balance:
    balances[from] = balances[from]  amount;
    This line updates the balance of the from address in the mapping by subtracting the withdrawn amount.

Summary:
The HODLWallet contract manages user balances through a mapping and allows internal functions to withdraw Ether from the contract to specified addresses, subject to certain conditions regarding the amount and the balance availability. The use of lowlevel call for Ether transfers introduces potential security considerations, particularly around reentrancy attacks, which should be addressed in more robust implementations.