This code defines a smart contract named PreICOProxyBuyer, which is designed to manage investor balances and provide a refund mechanism. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint) public balances;: This mapping stores the balance of each investor. The key is the investor's address, and the value is the amount of tokens or ether they have invested.
    bool refunded = true;: This boolean variable indicates whether a refund has been processed. The initial value is set to true.
    address investor = msg.sender;: This variable stores the address of the investor. It is initialized to the address of the caller (msg.sender).
    address public owner;: This variable stores the address of the contract owner. It is public, meaning it can be accessed by external contracts and users.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner() { require(msg.sender == owner); _; }: This modifier ensures that only the owner of the contract can execute certain functions. It checks if the caller's address (msg.sender) matches the owner's address. If the condition is not met, the execution is reverted.

3. Functions:
    function refund() onlyOwner { ... }: This function allows the owner to refund an investor's balance. It is protected by the onlyOwner modifier, ensuring that only the owner can call this function.
      if(balances[investor] == 0) throw;: This line checks if the investor's balance is zero. If it is, the function throws an error, which reverts the transaction.
      uint amount = balances[investor];: This line retrieves the investor's balance and stores it in the amount variable.
      if(!(investor.call.value(amount)())) throw;: This line sends the refund amount to the investor using the call.value() method. This method sends ether to the investor's address. If the call fails, the function throws an error, which reverts the transaction.
      balances[investor] = 0;: This line sets the investor's balance to zero after the refund is successfully sent.

Summary:
The PreICOProxyBuyer contract manages investor balances and provides a refund mechanism. The refund function allows the owner to refund an investor's balance, ensuring that the investor receives their funds back and their balance is set to zero. The onlyOwner modifier ensures that only the owner can execute this function, maintaining security and control over the refund process.