This code defines a smart contract named ELTWagerLedger, which manages a ledger of tokens for different users. The contract uses a nested mapping to keep track of token balances for each user.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping (address => mapping (address => uint)) public tokens;
     This line declares a public state variable tokens which is a nested mapping. The outer mapping key is an address (let's call it tokenAddress), and the inner mapping key is another address (let's call it userAddress). The value is a uint representing the token balance of the userAddress for the tokenAddress. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this mapping, allowing external contracts and accounts to query token balances.

2. Function: withdraw(uint amount)
    This function allows a user to withdraw a specified amount of tokens from their balance.
   
    Input Parameter:
      uint amount: The amount of tokens the user wants to withdraw.
   
    Function Logic:
      if (tokens[0][msg.sender] < amount) throw;
       This line checks if the user's token balance (for the token address 0) is less than the requested amount. If the balance is insufficient, the function throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made so far in the transaction.
       
      tokens[0][msg.sender] = tokens[0][msg.sender]  amount;
       If the balance check passes, this line deducts the specified amount from the user's token balance for the token address 0.
       
      if (!msg.sender.call.value(amount)()) throw;
       This line sends the specified amount of Ether (assuming the token address 0 represents Ether) to the caller of the function (msg.sender). The call.value() function is used to send Ether, and it returns a boolean indicating whether the transfer was successful. If the transfer fails, the function throws an exception, reverting all state changes.

Security Considerations:
 The withdraw function uses the call.value() method to send Ether, which is susceptible to reentrancy attacks. A more secure approach would be to use the transfer method, which limits the gas sent to the recipient and prevents reentrancy.
 The contract does not handle token deposits, which means users cannot add tokens to their balance through this contract. This functionality would need to be added separately.
 The use of throw for error handling is deprecated in newer versions of Solidity. Instead, require, assert, or revert should be used.

Summary:
The ELTWagerLedger contract manages token balances for users in a nested mapping. The withdraw function allows users to withdraw a specified amount of tokens, provided they have a sufficient balance. The contract needs to be enhanced with proper error handling and security measures to prevent reentrancy attacks and other vulnerabilities.