This code defines a smart contract named SimpleBet, which includes a state variable locked and a payable function bet. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variable locked:
    bool locked = false;: This line declares a boolean state variable named locked and initializes it to false. This variable is used to track whether the contract is currently locked or not.

2. Function bet:
    function bet() payable { ... }: This line declares a payable function named bet. The payable keyword allows this function to receive Ether.

3. Function Logic:
    if ((msg.value == 1 ether) && (!locked)) { ... }: This line checks two conditions:
      msg.value == 1 ether: It ensures that the amount of Ether sent to the function is exactly 1 Ether.
      !locked: It ensures that the contract is not currently locked.
    If both conditions are met, the function proceeds to the next block of code.

4. Ether Transfer:
    if (!msg.sender.call.value(2 ether)()) { ... }: This line attempts to send 2 Ether back to the caller (i.e., msg.sender). The call.value() function is used to send Ether, and it returns a boolean indicating whether the transfer was successful.
    If the transfer fails (i.e., the condition !msg.sender.call.value(2 ether)() evaluates to true), the function sets locked to true and throws an exception using throw;. This prevents further execution of the function.

5. Exception Handling:
    locked = true; throw;: If the Ether transfer fails, this line sets locked to true and throws an exception, which reverts all state changes made during the function call.

### Summary
The SimpleBet contract allows users to send exactly 1 Ether to the bet function if the contract is not locked. If the contract successfully sends 2 Ether back to the caller, the function completes without any further action. However, if the Ether transfer fails, the contract locks itself by setting locked to true and throws an exception to revert any state changes. This mechanism ensures that the contract does not proceed if it fails to send Ether back to the caller.