This code defines an internal function named _mint, which is used to mint new tokens and assign them to a specified account. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    _mint(address account, uint256 amount) internal: This function takes two parameters: account (the address to which the new tokens will be minted) and amount (the number of tokens to mint). The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the contract or from derived contracts.

2. Precondition Check:
    require(account != address(0), 'ERC20: mint to the zero address');: This line checks that the account parameter is not the zero address (address(0)). Minting tokens to the zero address is generally considered a bad practice because it can lead to token loss. If the account is the zero address, the function will revert with the error message 'ERC20: mint to the zero address'.

3. Updating Total Supply:
    _totalSupply = _totalSupply.add(amount);: This line increases the contract's total supply of tokens by the amount specified. The add function is likely a safe math operation to prevent integer overflow, which is a common requirement in smart contract development to ensure the integrity of arithmetic operations.

4. Updating Account Balance:
    _balances[account] = _balances[account].add(amount);: This line increases the balance of the specified account by the amount of tokens minted. Similar to the total supply update, the add function here ensures that the balance update is performed safely.

5. Emitting Transfer Event:
    emit Transfer(address(0), account, amount);: This line emits a Transfer event with the following parameters: address(0) (indicating the tokens were minted), account (the recipient of the tokens), and amount (the number of tokens transferred). Emitting this event is a standard practice in ERC20 token contracts to notify external applications and wallets about the token transfer.

### Summary
The _mint function is a critical internal method for creating new tokens in an ERC20 token contract. It ensures that tokens are not minted to the zero address, updates the total supply and individual account balances safely, and emits a Transfer event to maintain transparency and compatibility with external systems. This function is essential for maintaining the integrity and functionality of the token contract.