This code defines a public view function named tvl, which stands for "Total Value Locked". This function is designed to calculate and return the total value locked in a smart contract, combining the value of staked tokens and the value of earned rewards. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Visibility:
    override: This indicates that the function overrides a function with the same name in a base contract.
    public: This makes the function callable from any contract or externally.
    view: This specifies that the function does not modify the state of the blockchain; it only reads data.
    returns (uint): This indicates that the function returns a single unsigned integer value.

2. Calculating Staking TVL:
    uint stakingTVL = helper.tvl(address(stakingToken), _totalSupply);: This line calls the tvl function of a helper contract, passing the address of the staking token and the total supply of staked tokens (_totalSupply). The tvl function in the helper contract likely calculates the total value of the staked tokens based on their address and total supply.

3. Calculating Reward TVL:
    uint price = rewardsToken.priceShare();: This line retrieves the current price per share of the rewards token. This is typically used to convert token amounts to their equivalent value in a stable currency or another reference token.
    uint earned = rewardsToken.balanceOf(address(this)).mul(price).div(1e18);: This line calculates the total value of the rewards tokens currently held by the contract. It multiplies the balance of rewards tokens by their price per share and divides by 1e18 to normalize the result (since token amounts and prices are often represented in wei, which is 10^18).
    uint rewardTVL = helper.tvl(CAKE, earned);: This line again calls the tvl function of the helper contract, this time passing the address of the CAKE token (which seems to be a placeholder or specific token identifier) and the calculated earned value. This calculates the total value locked in the form of rewards.

4. Returning the Total TVL:
    return stakingTVL.add(rewardTVL);: This line adds the total value locked in staking (stakingTVL) to the total value locked in rewards (rewardTVL) and returns the sum.

Summary:
The tvl function calculates the total value locked in the contract by summing the value of staked tokens and the value of earned rewards. It uses a helper contract to perform the actual calculations of token values, leveraging token addresses, total supplies, and prices per share to ensure accurate and uptodate valuations. This function is crucial for transparency and financial reporting in decentralized finance (DeFi) applications where users need to know the total assets under management.