This code defines a smart contract named TUINETWORK, which includes a public constant variable and a function. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Contract Definition:
    The contract is named TUINETWORK.

2. Public Constant Variable:
    uint public constant ALLOCATION_LOCK_END_TIMESTAMP = 1559347200;
      This line declares a public constant variable named ALLOCATION_LOCK_END_TIMESTAMP of type uint (unsigned integer).
      The value assigned to this variable is 1559347200, which represents a specific timestamp in Unix time format. Unix time is the number of seconds that have elapsed since 00:00:00 UTC on 1 January 1970.
      The public keyword makes this variable accessible from outside the contract, and the constant keyword ensures that its value cannot be changed after deployment.

3. Function Definition:
    function inAllocationLockPeriod() constant returns (bool) {
      This line declares a function named inAllocationLockPeriod.
      The function is marked as constant, which means it does not modify the state of the blockchain. It only reads data and returns a result.
      The function returns a boolean value (bool).

4. Function Logic:
    return (block.timestamp < ALLOCATION_LOCK_END_TIMESTAMP);
      This line contains the logic of the function.
      block.timestamp is a builtin variable in Solidity that represents the timestamp of the current block.
      The function compares the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) with the ALLOCATION_LOCK_END_TIMESTAMP.
      If the current block timestamp is less than ALLOCATION_LOCK_END_TIMESTAMP, the function returns true, indicating that the current time is within the allocation lock period.
      If the current block timestamp is greater than or equal to ALLOCATION_LOCK_END_TIMESTAMP, the function returns false, indicating that the allocation lock period has ended.

In summary, the TUINETWORK contract provides a mechanism to check if the current time is within a predefined allocation lock period. This is done by comparing the current block timestamp with a fixed timestamp (1559347200). The function inAllocationLockPeriod returns true if the current time is within the lock period and false otherwise. This functionality can be used to enforce certain conditions or restrictions within the contract based on the time period.