This code defines a smart contract named VernamWhiteListDeposit, which manages a whitelist of participants and records their deposits within a specified time frame. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    address[] public participants;: This is an array that stores the addresses of all participants who have made deposits. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this array, allowing external contracts or accounts to query the list of participants.
    mapping (address => bool) public isWhiteList;: This is a mapping that keeps track of whether an address is whitelisted. The public keyword also generates a getter function for this mapping, enabling external queries to check if a specific address is whitelisted.
    uint256 public deadLine;: This variable stores a timestamp that represents the deadline for making deposits. After this time, no further deposits are allowed. The public keyword generates a getter function for this variable.

2. Fallback Function:
    function() public payable {: This is the fallback function, which is executed when the contract receives Ether without any data. It is marked as payable, meaning it can receive Ether.
      require(block.timestamp <= deadLine);: This line checks if the current block timestamp is less than or equal to the deadline. If the condition is not met (i.e., the deadline has passed), the function execution is reverted, and any Ether sent is returned to the sender.
      isWhiteList[msg.sender] = true;: This line adds the sender's address (msg.sender) to the whitelist by setting the corresponding mapping value to true.
      participants.push(msg.sender);: This line adds the sender's address to the participants array, recording their participation.
      return;: This line indicates the end of the function execution. Since the function is a fallback function and does not explicitly return a value, it implicitly returns void.

Summary of the Contract's Functionality:
 The contract allows participants to send Ether to the contract address.
 Upon receiving Ether, the contract checks if the current time is within the allowed deadline.
 If the deadline has not passed, the participant's address is added to both the whitelist and the list of participants.
 The contract does not explicitly handle the deposited Ether; it simply accepts it and records the participant's address.

This contract is designed to manage a simple whitelist and record participation based on Ether deposits within a specified time frame.