This code defines a smart contract named Send69Wei, which is designed to handle incoming Ether transactions and transfer a fixed amount of 69 Wei to a randomly selected address from a predefined mapping. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Constants and State Variables:
    uint256 constant HowMuchWei = 69;: This line declares a constant variable HowMuchWei with a value of 69 Wei. This value is used to determine the amount of Wei to be transferred.
    mapping(uint256 => address) targets;: This line declares a state variable targets which is a mapping that associates unsigned integers (uint256) with Ethereum addresses (address). This mapping is used to store potential recipient addresses indexed by a unique identifier.

2. Fallback Function:
    function() payable public { ... }: This is the fallback function, which is executed whenever the contract receives Ether without any data (i.e., without calling any specific function). The payable keyword allows this function to receive Ether.

3. Conditional Check and Transfer Logic:
    if (msg.value >= HowMuchWei){ ... }: This condition checks if the amount of Ether sent to the contract (msg.value) is greater than or equal to 69 Wei. If the condition is met, the function proceeds to execute the transfer logic.
    uint256 seed1 = uint256(block.timestamp);: This line converts the current block's timestamp to an unsigned integer (uint256).
    uint256 seed2 = uint256(block.coinbase);: This line converts the address of the miner of the current block (block.coinbase) to an unsigned integer (uint256).
    uint256 id = uint256(keccak256(seed1 + seed2));: This line calculates a unique identifier (id) by hashing the sum of seed1 and seed2 using the keccak256 hash function and then converting the hash to an unsigned integer (uint256).
    address who = targets[id];: This line retrieves an address (who) from the targets mapping using the calculated id.
    who.transfer(HowMuchWei);: This line transfers 69 Wei from the contract to the address who. The transfer function is used to send Ether, and it throws an exception if the transfer fails.

Summary:
The Send69Wei contract is designed to receive Ether and, if the received amount is at least 69 Wei, it randomly selects a recipient address from a predefined mapping and transfers 69 Wei to that address. The randomness in selecting the recipient is derived from the current block's timestamp and the miner's address, which are combined and hashed to generate a unique identifier for the recipient address in the mapping.