This code defines a smart contract named RandomApi, which includes a function to generate a pseudorandom 256bit number. The contract uses a seed value to influence the randomness of the generated number.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. State Variable:
    uint64 _seed = 0;: This line declares a state variable _seed of type uint64 and initializes it to 0. This seed is used to introduce variability into the random number generation process.

2. Function Definition:
    function random256() public returns (uint256 randomNumber) {: This line defines a public function named random256 that returns a uint256 type value. The function does not take any parameters.

3. Random Number Calculation:
    uint256 rand = uint256(keccak256(keccak256(block.blockhash(block.number  1), _seed), block.timestamp));: This line calculates the random number. It uses the keccak256 hashing function twice:
      The inner keccak256 function takes two arguments: the block hash of the previous block (block.blockhash(block.number  1)) and the current seed (_seed). The block hash provides a value that changes with each new block, ensuring some level of unpredictability.
      The outer keccak256 function then takes the result of the inner hash and the current timestamp (block.timestamp) as inputs. The timestamp adds another layer of variability.
      The result of the outer hash is then cast to a uint256 type and stored in the variable rand.

4. Updating the Seed:
    _seed = uint64(rand);: This line updates the seed with the lower 64 bits of the newly generated random number. This ensures that subsequent calls to random256 will produce different results due to the updated seed.

5. Returning the Random Number:
    return rand;: This line returns the calculated random number.

Summary:
The random256 function in the RandomApi contract generates a pseudorandom 256bit number by hashing together the block hash of the previous block, the current seed, and the current timestamp. The seed is then updated with the lower 64 bits of the generated random number to ensure variability in future random number generations. This method provides a simple yet effective way to generate pseudorandom numbers in a smart contract, though it should be noted that it is not cryptographically secure and should not be used for applications requiring high levels of randomness or security.