This code defines a smart contract named MEWCrowdsale, which includes an internal array of two unsigned integers named signatures and a constant address variable SIGN_ADDRESS1. The contract also contains a public function named changeWallet.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. State Variables:
    uint256[2] internal signatures;: This declares an internal array of two unsigned integers (256bit) named signatures. The array is internal, meaning it can only be accessed within this contract and potentially by contracts that inherit from this one.
    address SIGN_ADDRESS1 = address(0xa5a5f62BfA22b1E42A98Ce00131eA658D5E29B37);: This is a constant address variable that holds a specific Ethereum address. This address is used for authorization purposes within the contract.

2. Function changeWallet:
    Visibility and Mutability:
      public: This function is publicly accessible, meaning it can be called from outside the contract as well as inside.
      returns (bool): The function is expected to return a boolean value.
   
    Function Logic:
      uint256 blocktime = block.timestamp;: This line captures the current timestamp of the block in which the transaction is included. This timestamp is stored in a local variable named blocktime.
      if (msg.sender == SIGN_ADDRESS1) {: This conditional statement checks if the address of the caller (msg.sender) matches the predefined address SIGN_ADDRESS1.
      signatures[0] = blocktime;: If the condition is true, the timestamp (blocktime) is assigned to the first element of the signatures array. This action indicates that the authorized address (SIGN_ADDRESS1) has performed an action at the recorded timestamp.
      return true;: Regardless of whether the condition is met, the function returns true. This suggests that the function's primary purpose is to record an action rather than to conditionally change state based on the authorization check.

Summary:
The changeWallet function in the MEWCrowdsale contract is designed to record the current block timestamp in the signatures array if the function is called by a specific authorized address (SIGN_ADDRESS1). The function is public and always returns true, indicating successful execution, regardless of whether the authorization condition is met. This function could be part of a larger system where tracking actions by specific addresses is important, possibly for audit or security purposes.