This code defines a Solidity smart contract named BasicToken, which implements a basic token transfer functionality with some specific constraints. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping(address => uint256) public balances;: This mapping associates each address with a balance of tokens. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for each balance.
    uint64 public dateTransferable = 1518825600;: This variable stores a Unix timestamp (in seconds) that represents the date from which token transfers are allowed. The value 1518825600 corresponds to February 17, 2018.

2. Function transfer:
    Visibility and Mutability:
      public: This function can be called from outside the contract as well as inside.
      returns (bool): The function returns a boolean value indicating whether the transfer was successful.
   
    Function Logic:
      uint64 _now = uint64(block.timestamp);: This line captures the current block timestamp and casts it to a uint64 type. The block.timestamp is the timestamp of the current block in seconds since the Unix epoch.
      require(_now >= dateTransferable);: This line checks if the current timestamp is greater than or equal to the dateTransferable. If this condition is not met, the function execution is reverted with an error. This ensures that transfers can only occur after the specified date.
      balances[msg.sender] = balances[msg.sender]  (_value);: This line deducts the specified _value from the balance of the sender (msg.sender). The msg.sender is the address that initiated the transaction.
      return true;: Finally, the function returns true to indicate that the transfer was successful.

Summary:
The BasicToken contract allows token transfers to occur only after a specific date (dateTransferable). The transfer function checks the current block timestamp against this date, and if the condition is met, it deducts the specified amount from the sender's balance. This simple contract does not include any recipient logic or event emissions, which are typically necessary for a complete token transfer mechanism.