This code defines a Solidity smart contract named tokenHodl, which manages a simple token holding and withdrawal system. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping (address => uint) public hodlers;: This mapping associates Ethereum addresses with the amount of tokens they hold. Each address can hold a certain amount of tokens, represented by an unsigned integer (uint). The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this mapping, allowing external contracts and accounts to query the token balance of any address.
    uint constant partyTime = 1522542236;: This constant variable defines a specific Unix timestamp (in seconds since January 1, 1970) which is used to determine when the "party" can start. In this context, "party" refers to the event where token holders can withdraw their tokens.

2. Function party:
    Function Declaration:
     solidity
     function party()
     
     This function does not take any parameters and does not specify a return type, which means it does not return any value.

    Function Logic:
      Requirement Check:
       solidity
       require (block.timestamp > partyTime && hodlers[msg.sender] > 0);
       
       This line uses the require statement to enforce two conditions:
          block.timestamp > partyTime: Ensures that the current block timestamp is greater than the predefined partyTime. This condition checks if the specified time for the party has passed.
          hodlers[msg.sender] > 0: Ensures that the caller of the function (msg.sender) has a positive balance in the hodlers mapping. This condition checks if the caller has any tokens to withdraw.
       If either of these conditions is not met, the function execution is halted, and all changes made so far are reverted.

      Token Withdrawal:
       solidity
       uint value = hodlers[msg.sender];
       hodlers[msg.sender] = 0;
       msg.sender.transfer(value);
       
        uint value = hodlers[msg.sender];: Retrieves the token balance of the caller (msg.sender) and stores it in a variable named value.
        hodlers[msg.sender] = 0;: Sets the token balance of the caller to zero, effectively clearing their balance as they are about to withdraw it.
        msg.sender.transfer(value);: Transfers the specified amount of Ether (value) to the caller's address. This assumes that the tokens are represented in Ether units within this contract. The transfer function is used to send Ether from the contract to the caller's address.

      Function Termination:
       solidity
       return;
       
       This statement indicates the end of the function execution. Since no return value is specified, the function simply completes its execution without returning any data.

Summary:
The tokenHodl contract allows users to hold tokens in the form of Ether. The party function enables users to withdraw their tokens only after a specific time (partyTime) has passed and if they have a positive token balance. The function ensures that the withdrawal conditions are met before transferring the tokens back to the user.