This code defines a smart contract named CONTSKCrowdsale, which is designed to handle a token sale event. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Constants and State Variables:
    uint256 constant public END = 1539097200;: This line defines a constant public variable named END which holds a Unix timestamp (1539097200). This timestamp represents the end time of the token sale. The sale will only accept contributions until this time.
    address public wallet = 0x71b658EDC685fB2D7fc06E4753156CEE6aBE44A1;: This line defines a public variable named wallet which holds the address where the collected Ether will be transferred. This address is hardcoded to 0x71b658EDC685fB2D7fc06E4753156CEE6aBE44A1.

2. Function buyTokens:
    function buyTokens(address beneficiary) payable: This is a payable function that allows users to send Ether to the contract in exchange for tokens. The payable keyword indicates that this function can receive Ether. The function takes one parameter, beneficiary, which is the address of the user who will receive the tokens.
    require(beneficiary != 0x0);: This line checks that the beneficiary address is not the zero address. This is a common security check to ensure that tokens are not accidentally sent to an invalid address.
    require(msg.value != 0);: This line checks that the amount of Ether sent with the transaction (msg.value) is not zero. This ensures that the function is only executed if the user has sent some Ether.
    require(block.timestamp <= END);: This line checks that the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is less than or equal to the END timestamp. This ensures that the token sale is still ongoing and contributions are only accepted within the specified time frame.
    uint256 etherAmount = msg.value;: This line assigns the amount of Ether sent with the transaction to a local variable etherAmount. This step is redundant as etherAmount is not used further in the function.
    wallet.transfer(msg.value);: This line transfers the received Ether (msg.value) to the wallet address. This is the step where the contract forwards the collected Ether to the specified wallet.
    return;: This line indicates the end of the function. Since the function does not return any value, this return statement is used to exit the function after the Ether transfer is completed.

Summary:
The CONTSKCrowdsale contract is a simple crowdsale contract that allows users to send Ether to the contract during a specified time frame. The contract checks that the beneficiary address is valid, the sent Ether amount is not zero, and the current time is within the sale period. If these conditions are met, the contract transfers the received Ether to a predefined wallet address and completes the transaction.