This code defines a Solidity smart contract named CONTSKCrowdsale, which is designed to handle a token sale event. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Constants and State Variables:
    uint256 constant public END = 1539097200;: This line declares a public constant variable named END which stores a Unix timestamp (1539097200). This timestamp represents the end time of the token sale. The use of constant means that this value cannot be changed after deployment.
    address public wallet = 0x71b658EDC685fB2D7fc06E4753156CEE6aBE44A1;: This line declares a public state variable named wallet which stores the address where the collected Ether will be transferred. The address is initialized to 0x71b658EDC685fB2D7fc06E4753156CEE6aBE44A1.

2. Function: buyTokens(address beneficiary) payable:
    This function is declared as payable, which means it can receive Ether. It takes one parameter: address beneficiary, which specifies the address of the token buyer.
    require(beneficiary != 0x0);: This line checks that the beneficiary address is not zero. This is a common security check to ensure that tokens are not accidentally sent to an invalid address.
    require(block.timestamp <= END);: This line checks that the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is less than or equal to the END timestamp. This ensures that the token purchase is only allowed before the end of the sale period.
    uint256 etherAmount = msg.value;: This line assigns the amount of Ether sent with the transaction (msg.value) to a local variable etherAmount.
    wallet.transfer(msg.value);: This line transfers the Ether received in the transaction (msg.value) to the wallet address specified in the wallet state variable. The transfer function is used for sending Ether and it reverts the transaction if the transfer fails.
    return;: This line indicates the end of the function. Since the function does not return any value, it simply ends execution here.

Summary:
The CONTSKCrowdsale contract facilitates a simple token sale where users can send Ether to the contract's buyTokens function. The function ensures that the purchase is valid (i.e., the beneficiary address is valid and the sale period is not over) and then transfers the received Ether to a predefined wallet address. The function does not handle the distribution of tokens to the buyer, which would typically be the next step in a complete token sale implementation.