This code defines a Solidity smart contract named Redenom. The contract includes several elements that control access and perform specific actions. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    address public owner;: This line declares a public state variable owner of type address. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this variable, allowing external contracts or accounts to read its value.

2. Modifiers:
    modifier onlyOwner {: This line defines a modifier named onlyOwner. Modifiers are used to change the behavior of functions in a declarative way.
      require(msg.sender == owner);: This line checks if the sender of the message (msg.sender) is the same as the owner of the contract. If the condition is not met, the function call is reverted.
      _;: This symbol is a placeholder for the function body that the modifier is applied to. It indicates that the function should proceed with its execution if the require condition is satisfied.

3. Functions:
    function pay055loyal(address to) public onlyOwner returns(bool success){: This line defines a public function named pay055loyal that takes one parameter to of type address. The function is restricted to be called only by the owner of the contract, as indicated by the onlyOwner modifier.
      uint new_amount = 55566600 + (block.timestamp % 100);: This line calculates a new amount by adding 55566600 to the remainder of the current block's timestamp divided by 100. block.timestamp is the timestamp of the current block in seconds since the Unix epoch.
      return true;: This line returns true to indicate that the function has executed successfully. However, it's important to note that this function does not perform any actual payment or state change related to the to address or the calculated new_amount.

Summary of the Contract:
 The Redenom contract is designed to be controlled by a single owner, as indicated by the owner variable and the onlyOwner modifier.
 The pay055loyal function is intended to be used by the owner to perform some action, possibly related to payments or transfers, but the current implementation only calculates a new amount based on the block timestamp and returns a success status without any further action.
 The contract lacks detailed logic for handling actual transactions or interactions with other contracts or tokens, which might be expected given the function name suggests a paymentrelated operation.