This code defines a Solidity smart contract named JesusCrowdsale. The contract includes a constant public variable START which is set to a specific Unix timestamp (1507755600, representing October 11, 2017, 13:00:00 UTC). This timestamp is likely used to determine the start time of some event or phase within the contract, such as a token sale.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Contract Definition and State Variable:
    contract JesusCrowdsale { ... }: This line declares the start of the contract named JesusCrowdsale.
    uint256 constant public START = 1507755600;: This line defines a constant state variable START of type uint256. The value 1507755600 is a Unix timestamp indicating the start time. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this variable, allowing other contracts or external entities to read its value. The constant keyword ensures that the variable's value cannot be changed after deployment.

2. Function Definition:
    function getRate() constant returns (uint8) { ... }: This line defines a public view function named getRate that returns a uint8 value. The constant keyword is used here to indicate that this function does not modify the state but only reads it, which is equivalent to view in newer Solidity versions.

3. Function Logic:
    if (block.timestamp < START) return 166;: This line checks if the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is less than the START timestamp. If true, it returns the rate 166. This suggests that before the start time, a higher rate (166) is applicable, possibly indicating a presale or early bird rate.
    return 120;: If the current block timestamp is not less than START, the function returns 120. This indicates a standard or poststart rate.

Summary of Functionality:
 The JesusCrowdsale contract is designed to provide a dynamic rate based on the current time relative to a predefined start time. Before the start time, a higher rate of 166 is returned, and after the start time, a lower rate of 120 is returned. This functionality could be used in scenarios like token sales where different rates apply at different stages.

Potential Use Cases:
 This contract could be part of a larger system where tokens are sold to investors. The dynamic rate mechanism ensures that early participants get a better rate, incentivizing them to invest before the official start of the sale.

Security and Efficiency Considerations:
 The use of block.timestamp should be handled with caution as miners can influence it within a small window, which might be exploited in certain scenarios.
 The function is efficient as it only involves a simple comparison and returns a value without any state changes or complex computations.