This code defines a Solidity smart contract named FunFairSale, which is designed to manage a fundraising or token sale event with specific constraints on the total amount of Ether that can be collected and a deadline mechanism that gets triggered once a certain cap is reached.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    uint public deadline;: This variable stores the timestamp when the fundraising cap is reached or exceeded. It is publicly accessible, meaning other contracts or external entities can read its value.
    uint public capAmount;: This variable defines the maximum amount of Ether (in wei) that the contract can accept. Like deadline, it is also publicly accessible.

2. Fallback Function:
    The contract includes a fallback function defined as function () payable { ... }. This function is executed whenever the contract receives Ether without any data (i.e., without calling any specific function). It is marked as payable, which means it can receive Ether.

3. Function Logic:
    The first condition if (this.balance >= capAmount) throw; checks if the current balance of the contract (the total amount of Ether it has received so far) is already equal to or exceeds the cap. If this condition is true, the function throws an exception, which reverts the transaction and returns any sent Ether back to the sender. This ensures that no additional Ether can be sent once the cap is reached.
    The second condition if (this.balance + msg.value >= capAmount) { ... } checks if the sum of the current contract balance and the amount of Ether sent in the current transaction (msg.value) would exceed or meet the cap. If this condition is true, it sets the deadline to the current block timestamp (block.timestamp), marking the time when the cap was reached or exceeded.

4. Contract Behavior:
    The contract is designed to stop accepting Ether once the cap is reached. It uses a simple mechanism to set a deadline when the cap is hit, which could be used for further logic in other parts of the contract or in related contracts.
    The use of throw for exception handling is a deprecated practice in newer versions of Solidity. It is recommended to use revert(), require(), or assert() for better error handling and clarity in modern Solidity code.

In summary, the FunFairSale contract manages a capped fundraising event, preventing additional contributions once the cap is reached and recording the time when this occurs. This contract is a basic example and might need additional features or improvements for realworld applications, such as more robust error handling, event logging, and security considerations.