This code defines a smart contract named ProofOfExistence, which is designed to store and verify the existence of documents or data at a specific point in time using a SHA256 hash.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variable:
    mapping (string => uint) private proofs;: This line declares a private state variable proofs which is a mapping that associates a string (SHA256 hash) to a uint (unsigned integer). In this context, the uint represents the timestamp of when the hash was stored in the blockchain.

2. Function notarize:
    function notarize(string sha256): This function allows the user to store a timestamp against a given SHA256 hash. The function takes one parameter, sha256, which is expected to be a string representing a SHA256 hash of some data.

3. Input Validation:
    if ( bytes(sha256).length == 64 ): This condition checks if the length of the input string sha256 is exactly 64 characters. This is a basic check to ensure that the input somewhat resembles a SHA256 hash, which is always 64 characters long when represented in hexadecimal format.

4. Storing the Timestamp:
    if ( proofs[sha256] == 0 ): This condition checks if the hash has not been previously stored in the proofs mapping. If proofs[sha256] is 0, it means the hash has not been notarized before (since block.timestamp will never be 0).
    proofs[sha256] = block.timestamp;: If the hash is new, the current block’s timestamp is stored against this hash in the proofs mapping. This timestamp serves as proof of existence for the data represented by the hash at the time the block was mined.

5. Return Statement:
    return;: The function ends by returning nothing. Since the function is void (no return type specified), it simply completes its execution without returning any value.

Summary:
The ProofOfExistence contract provides a simple mechanism to notarize the existence of data by storing the timestamp of a SHA256 hash in the blockchain. This can be used to prove that certain data existed at a specific time without revealing the actual data, as only the hash is stored and checked. The function notarize ensures that each hash is only stored once by checking if it already exists in the proofs mapping before storing the current timestamp.