This code defines a smart contract named BirthdayGift, which is designed to hold funds until a specified birthday date and then release them to a designated recipient. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    address public recipient;: This variable stores the Ethereum address of the recipient who will receive the funds on their birthday.
    uint public birthday;: This variable stores the Unix timestamp (in seconds) representing the birthday date when the funds can be withdrawn.

2. Function Take:
    This function allows the recipient to withdraw the contract's balance once the specified birthday date has arrived.
    Access Control:
      if (msg.sender != recipient) throw;: This line checks if the caller of the function (msg.sender) is the same as the designated recipient. If not, the function execution is aborted using the throw statement, which reverts all state changes and returns any unused gas.
    Time Check:
      if (block.timestamp < birthday) throw;: This line checks if the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is earlier than the specified birthday date. If the birthday has not yet arrived, the function execution is aborted.
    Fund Transfer:
      if (!recipient.send(this.balance)) throw;: This line attempts to send the entire balance of the contract (this.balance) to the recipient's address using the send function. If the send operation fails (e.g., due to an outofgas error or the recipient's fallback function reverting), the function execution is aborted.
    Return Statement:
      return;: If all checks pass and the funds are successfully sent, the function execution completes and returns without any value.

Summary:
The BirthdayGift contract ensures that funds are only released to the designated recipient on or after their specified birthday date. The Take function enforces this by checking the caller's identity and the current time before attempting to transfer the contract's balance to the recipient. If any of the checks fail, the function execution is aborted to maintain the integrity of the contract's conditions.