This code defines a smart contract named CoinLock, which includes a state variable expiration and a function lock. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variable expiration:
    uint public expiration; declares a public unsigned integer variable named expiration. This variable is part of the contract's state and can be accessed by any external entity due to the public visibility. The expiration variable stores a timestamp that represents the time until which some action (presumably locking of coins) is valid.

2. Function lock:
    function lock(uint _expiration) returns (bool) defines a public function named lock that takes one parameter _expiration of type uint and returns a boolean value.
    The function checks two conditions:
      _expiration > block.timestamp: This condition ensures that the provided expiration time (_expiration) is in the future relative to the current block's timestamp (block.timestamp). This is a common check to ensure that the lock period starts from the current time or later.
      expiration == 0: This condition checks if the expiration variable is currently set to 0, which likely means that the lock has not been set yet. This prevents resetting the lock if it has already been set.
    If both conditions are met, the function sets the expiration variable to the value of _expiration and returns true, indicating that the lock operation was successful.
    If either of the conditions is not met, the function returns false, indicating that the lock operation failed.

Detailed Flow of the lock Function:
 Input: The function takes a single input _expiration, which is expected to be a future timestamp.
 Validation: It first checks if _expiration is greater than the current block timestamp (block.timestamp). This ensures that the lock period does not start in the past. Additionally, it checks if the expiration state variable is currently 0, which indicates that the lock has not been previously set.
 State Update: If both checks pass, the function updates the expiration state variable with the value of _expiration, effectively setting a new lock expiration time.
 Output: The function returns true if the lock was successfully set, and false if the conditions were not met (either because _expiration was not in the future or because expiration was already set).

This contract and function are designed to manage a simple locking mechanism where a lock can be set once and only if it is for a future time and no lock has been previously set. This could be used in scenarios where a contract needs to ensure that certain actions are only possible after a specific time.