This code defines a Solidity smart contract named MMOToken, which includes functionality for locking tokens based on time for specific addresses. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. State Variables:
    mapping (address => uint256) public lockAddress;: This mapping associates each address with a timestamp. The timestamp represents the time until which the tokens for that address are locked. The public keyword automatically generates a getter function for this mapping.
    address public owner;: This variable stores the address of the contract owner. The public keyword also generates a getter function for this variable.

2. Modifier:
    modifier onlyOwner() {: This modifier ensures that only the owner of the contract can execute certain functions. It checks if the msg.sender (the address that called the function) is the same as the owner. If the condition is met, the function execution continues (_). Otherwise, the execution is reverted.

3. Function:
    function lockTime(address _to, uint256 _value) onlyOwner public returns (bool) {: This function allows the owner to set a lock time for a specific address. It takes two parameters: _to (the address to lock tokens for) and _value (the timestamp until which the tokens are locked). The function is marked with the onlyOwner modifier, ensuring that only the owner can call it.
      if(_value > block.timestamp) {: This condition checks if the provided timestamp _value is greater than the current block timestamp (block.timestamp). If true, it means the lock time is in the future.
        lockAddress[_to] = _value;: If the condition is met, the function sets the lock time for the specified address _to to _value.
        return true;: The function then returns true to indicate that the lock time was successfully set.
      return false;: If the condition is not met (i.e., the lock time is not in the future), the function returns false.

Summary of the Contract:
 The MMOToken contract allows the owner to lock tokens for specific addresses by setting a future timestamp.
 The lockAddress mapping keeps track of the lock times for each address.
 The onlyOwner modifier ensures that only the owner can set these lock times.
 The lockTime function sets the lock time for an address if the provided timestamp is in the future, and returns a boolean indicating success or failure.

This contract is useful for scenarios where token holders need to be prevented from transferring their tokens until a certain date, such as in token vesting or lockup periods.