This code defines a public view function named getEGDPrice, which is designed to calculate and return the price of the EGD token in terms of another token (referred to as U). This function does not modify the state of the blockchain and is therefore marked as view.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
   solidity
   function getEGDPrice() public view returns (uint)
   
    public: This function can be called from any contract or externally.
    view: This function does not modify the state of the blockchain; it only reads data.
    returns (uint): The function returns a single unsigned integer value.

2. Reading Balances:
   solidity
   uint balance1 = EGD.balanceOf(pair);
   uint balance2 = U.balanceOf(pair);
   
    EGD.balanceOf(pair): This line calls the balanceOf function of the EGD token contract, passing the address of a pair (likely a liquidity pool or exchange pair). This returns the amount of EGD tokens held by the pair address.
    U.balanceOf(pair): Similarly, this line calls the balanceOf function of the U token contract, also passing the pair address. This returns the amount of U tokens held by the pair address.

3. Calculating the Price:
   solidity
   return (balance2  1e18 / balance1);
   
    balance2  1e18: This multiplies the balance of U tokens by 1e18 (which is a common practice to represent decimal values in a fixedpoint arithmetic manner, especially when dealing with token prices).
    / balance1: This divides the result by the balance of EGD tokens. The division operation calculates the price of one EGD token in terms of U tokens.
    The result is returned as an unsigned integer.

### Summary
The getEGDPrice function calculates the price of the EGD token in terms of another token (U) by using the balances of these tokens in a specific pair (likely a liquidity pool). It multiplies the balance of U tokens by 1e18 to maintain precision and then divides by the balance of EGD tokens to get the price per EGD token. This function is useful for applications that need to display or use the realtime price of EGD tokens in their operations.