This code defines an internal function named _transferFrom, which is designed to transfer a specified amount of tokens from one address to another. The function is intended to be used within a smart contract that manages a token system, such as an ERC20 token.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature:
    The function _transferFrom takes three parameters:
      address from: The address from which the tokens will be transferred.
      address to: The address to which the tokens will be transferred.
      uint256 amount: The amount of tokens to be transferred.
    The function is marked as internal, meaning it can only be called from within the contract or from derived contracts.
    The function returns a boolean value, indicating whether the transfer was successful.

2. Token Deduction:
    The function starts by reducing the balance of the from address by the specified amount. This is done using the statement balanceOf[from] = amount;. This assumes that balanceOf is a state variable mapping addresses to their token balances.

3. Token Addition:
    The function then attempts to increase the balance of the to address by the same amount. This is done within an unchecked block:
     solidity
     unchecked {
         balanceOf[to] += amount;
     }
     
    The unchecked block is used here to avoid the default overflow/underflow checks that Solidity performs. This is safe in this context because the sum of all user balances cannot exceed the maximum value of uint256, ensuring that the addition operation will not overflow.

4. Event Emission:
    After updating the balances, the function emits a Transfer event. This event is typically used to notify external observers (such as blockchain explorers or offchain applications) that a token transfer has occurred. The event includes the from address, the to address, and the amount transferred.
     solidity
     emit Transfer(from, to, amount);
     

5. Return Value:
    Finally, the function returns true, indicating that the transfer was successful.
     solidity
     return true;
     

Summary:
The _transferFrom function effectively moves tokens from one account to another by updating their respective balances in the balanceOf mapping. It ensures that the transfer is recorded on the blockchain by emitting a Transfer event, which is a standard practice in token contracts. The use of unchecked for the addition operation is justified by the mathematical properties of the uint256 type, which ensures that the operation will not overflow given the constraints of the token system.