This code defines a public view function named tvl, which stands for "Total Value Locked". This function is designed to calculate and return the total value locked in a staking and rewards system. It overrides a function from a base contract or interface, indicating that it provides a specific implementation for a function that is expected to be defined elsewhere.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Function Signature and Access Modifiers:
    override: This keyword indicates that the function is overriding a function with the same name from a base contract or interface.
    public: This makes the function callable from any contract or externally by users.
    view: This indicates that the function does not modify the state of the blockchain; it only reads data.
    returns (uint): This specifies that the function returns a single unsigned integer value.

2. Calculating Staking TVL:
    uint stakingTVL = helper.tvl(address(stakingToken), _totalSupply);: This line calls a function tvl from a helper contract (helper). It passes the address of the staking token and the total supply of staked tokens (_totalSupply). The function tvl in the helper contract presumably calculates the total value locked in terms of the staking token.

3. Calculating Reward TVL:
    uint price = rewardsToken.priceShare();: This line retrieves the current price per share of the rewards token. The function priceShare is assumed to be defined in the rewardsToken contract.
    uint earned = rewardsToken.balanceOf(address(this)).mul(price).div(1e18);: This calculates the total value of rewards tokens currently held by the contract. It multiplies the balance of rewards tokens by the price per share and divides by 1e18 to normalize the value (assuming the price is in wei or a similar small unit).
    uint rewardTVL = helper.tvl(CAKE, earned);: This line again calls the tvl function from the helper contract, but this time it passes the identifier for the CAKE token (presumably a constant representing the CAKE token) and the calculated value of earned rewards tokens. This calculates the total value locked in terms of the CAKE token.

4. Returning the Total TVL:
    return stakingTVL.add(rewardTVL);: This line sums the total value locked in staking tokens and the total value locked in rewards tokens and returns this sum as the overall total value locked.

In summary, the tvl function calculates the total value locked in the contract by summing the value locked in staking tokens and the value locked in rewards tokens, both calculated using a helper function that converts token amounts to a common value metric (likely in USD or another stable currency). This function is crucial for providing a clear financial overview of the contract's holdings and activities.