The code I am giving you:
solidity
contract Redenom {
    address public owner;

    modifier onlyOwner {
        require(msg.sender == owner);
        _;
    }

    function pay055loyal(address to) public onlyOwner returns(uint){
        uint new_amount = (block.timestamp % 100) + 55566600;
        return new_amount;
    }
}


You need to answer like this:
This code defines a smart contract named Redenom, which includes a public address variable owner and a modifier onlyOwner. The contract also contains a function pay055loyal that is restricted to the owner of the contract.

Here’s a detailed explanation of how this function works:

1. Contract Definition and State Variables:
    The contract Redenom is defined with a public state variable owner, which stores the address of the contract owner. This variable can be accessed by anyone on the blockchain.

2. Modifier onlyOwner:
    The onlyOwner modifier is used to restrict access to certain functions within the contract to only the owner. It checks if the msg.sender (the address that initiated the current transaction) is equal to the owner. If the condition is met, the function execution continues; otherwise, it reverts with an error.

3. Function pay055loyal:
    The pay055loyal function is a public function that takes an address parameter to and returns a uint (unsigned integer). This function can only be called by the owner of the contract due to the onlyOwner modifier.
    Inside the function, a new unsigned integer new_amount is calculated. This calculation involves taking the current block timestamp (block.timestamp), performing a modulo operation with 100, and then adding 55566600 to the result.
    The block.timestamp is the timestamp of the current block in seconds since the Unix epoch. By taking block.timestamp % 100, the function effectively uses the last two digits of the current timestamp.
    The result of this calculation is a number that varies based on the current block's timestamp, but it is always offset by 55566600.
    Finally, the function returns the calculated new_amount.

Summary:
 The Redenom contract is designed to allow the owner to generate a dynamic amount based on the current block timestamp, with an added constant offset. The use of the onlyOwner modifier ensures that only the owner can execute this function, providing a basic level of access control.