The code provided defines a smart contract named Crowdsale with a specific function and a constant variable. Here’s a detailed explanation of how this contract works:

1. Contract Definition:
   solidity
   contract Crowdsale {
   
   This line starts the definition of a new smart contract named Crowdsale.

2. Constant Variable Declaration:
   solidity
   uint256 constant public STARTDATE = 1533686401;
   
   This line declares a public constant variable STARTDATE of type uint256 (unsigned integer of 256 bits). The value assigned to STARTDATE is 1533686401, which represents a specific Unix timestamp (August 7, 2018, 00:00:01 UTC). This timestamp is likely used to define the start date of a crowdsale or similar event.

3. Function Declaration:
   solidity
   function buyTokens() public payable returns (bool success) {
   
   This line declares a public payable function named buyTokens. The payable keyword indicates that this function can receive Ether. The function returns a boolean value indicating whether the operation was successful.

4. Assertion Check:
   solidity
   assert(block.timestamp >= STARTDATE);
   
   Inside the buyTokens function, an assertion is made using the assert function. This assertion checks if the current block timestamp (block.timestamp) is greater than or equal to the STARTDATE. If the condition is not met, the function execution will revert, meaning all state changes and Ether transfers within the call will be undone, and an error will be thrown.

5. Return Statement:
   solidity
   return true;
   
   If the assertion passes (i.e., the current time is after or exactly at the STARTDATE), the function returns true, indicating that the token purchase operation was successful.

### Summary
The Crowdsale contract is designed to manage a token sale starting from a specific date (STARTDATE). The buyTokens function allows users to send Ether to the contract to buy tokens, but only if the current time is equal to or later than the specified start date. This ensures that the token sale does not start prematurely. The use of assert ensures that any attempt to buy tokens before the start date will result in a transaction failure, preserving the integrity of the sale's timing constraints.